Title of Article	Contributions	Source	
The measurement of “interdisciplinarity” and “synergy” in scientific and extra‐scientific collaborations	"In this study, we discuss recent advances in the operationalization and measurement of “interdisciplinarity,” and propose a methodology for measuring “synergy” based on information theory"	JASIST	
Innovation adoption: Broadcasting versus virality	"broadcasting and virality have similar diffusion power, but play different roles across diffusion stages."	JASIST	
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	"we report the results of our study on sensation effects that underlie human emotions as revealed in social media. We focus on the key five types of sensations: sight, hearing, touch, smell, and taste. We first establish a correlation between emotion and sensation in terms of linguistic expressions"	JASIST	
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	"in the second part of the paper, we define novel features useful for extracting sensation information from social media"	JASIST	
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	we design a method to classify texts into ones associated with different types of sensations.	JASIST	
Mapping the online presence of small local sporting clubs	"findings suggest that higher adoption levels of websites set up by clubs and social media and more sophisticated Internet usage are apparent in “upper” level (or well‐resourced) local clubs than in “lower” level clubs, but with some important variations (such as interventions by sport governing bodies) that may assist smaller clubs to adopt online platforms."	JASIST	
Mapping the online presence of small local sporting clubs	"Guidance on using the extended model in other contexts is offered, as is advice for clubs and sporting associations looking to improve their use of Internet platforms."	JASIST	
Validation of a survey for measuring scientists' attitudes toward data reuse	"Overall, findings supported validity of the existing measure for use among researchers across academic disciplines. Recommendations for further refinement of the survey include the addition of new items to improve reliability of measurement"	JASIST	
Validation of a survey for measuring scientists' attitudes toward data reuse	"Additionally, implications for organizational practice are discussed, including the importance of fostering individual researchers' perceived usefulness of secondary data, as well as providing access to data repositories and organizational resources for data reuse."	JASIST	
Understanding and predicting future research impact at different career stages—A social network perspective	This paper provides empirical evidence for how social networks provide signals on researchers' career dynamics guided by social capital theory	JASIST	
Authors' noninstitutional emails and their correlation with retraction	"Data suggest that retracted articles are more likely to use noninstitutional emails, but it is difficult to generalize"	JASIST	
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	We identify markers of semantic change in scientific articles and legal opinions (both in English). Legal opinions have not previously been analyzed with respect to dynamic word embeddings and have received little attention in natural language processing.	JASIST	
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	"We propose a novel method to score documents on their semantic progressiveness, thereby identifying documents on the vanguard of semantic change."	JASIST	
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	"We propose a novel method to score documents on their semantic progressiveness, thereby identifying documents on the vanguard of semantic change."	JASIST	
"Epistemology, epistemic belief, personal epistemology, and epistemics: A review of concepts as they impact information behavior research"	"This research assesses how the epistemic concept is treated, both within information science and within disciplines that have affinities to the topics or agents that have been the subject of inquiry within the field."	JASIST	
"Epistemology, epistemic belief, personal epistemology, and epistemics: A review of concepts as they impact information behavior research"	fostering a better understanding of epistemics as a research practice might also provide for the development of a range of insights and methods that reflect the dynamic context within which the study of information behavior and information experience is located.	JASIST	
Do new research issues attract more citations? A comparison between 25 Scopus subject categories	"paper identifies potential changes in 25 subject categories through a term comparison of words in article titles, keywords and abstracts in 1 year compared to the previous 4 years"	JASIST	
Data curation as collective action during COVID‐19	"focus on some topics of particular interest to the information science community: data infrastructures for scholarly communication and research, the politicization of data curation and visualization for public‐facing “dashboards,” and human subjects research and policies."	JASIST	
Data curation as collective action during COVID‐19	"areas of opportunity and need, including broader and richer data curation education in the information schools, the establishment of better data management policy implementations by research funders, the award of formal academic credit for data curation activities and data sharing, and engagement in cooperative action around data ethics and security."	JASIST	
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	we investigate the extent to which users' actual viewing and clicking behavior on search engine ads correlates with their understanding of search engine advertising	JASIST	
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	"we wanted to find out whether there are differences in behavior patterns when results are presented on a desktop computer (large screen) versus a smartphone (small screen). We consider search on mobile devices in addition to desktop search, as this now exceeds desktop search in terms of search volume (Sterling, 2016)."	JASIST	
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	"with n = 100 subjects, the study differs from the majority of comparable eye‐tracking studies in terms of the number of participants"	JASIST	
"The emergence, peak, and abeyance of an online information ground: The lifecycle of a Facebook group for verifying information during violence"	"demonstrate change and continuity in an online information ground; it became an information hub when reaching a peak cycle, and an information repository when entering into abeyance"	JASIST	
"The emergence, peak, and abeyance of an online information ground: The lifecycle of a Facebook group for verifying information during violence"	findings have potential to explain the dynamic of users' interactions with others and with information in quotidian spaces.	JASIST	
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We define a new result diversification problem that addresses the typical requirements of a search as learning scenario, that is, where there are a wide range of dimensions the search engine needs to consider when returning results that meet the learning goals (i.e., providing comprehensive information on the topic in many forms (e.g., various types of documents) and at many education levels (e.g., from level 4 to 8))."	JASIST	
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We provide a new framework for diversification, which extends the state‐of‐the‐art diversification methods (namely, xQuAD [Santos, Macdonald, & Ounis, 2010]; a variant of PM2 [Aktolga, 2014] as well as a supervised approach, R‐LTR [Zhu, Lan, Guo, Cheng, & Niu, 2014]), to handle multiple dimensions, and provide tailored instantiations for the framework. Specifically, we enrich each diversification method so that while an aspect's coverage in the final ranking is computed, the importance of the dimension which this aspect belongs to is also taken into account. To illustrate our motivation for computing dimension importance values, let an example query be “triangle,” and assume that the candidate set has documents from all the types available in the system but they all pertain to the education level 4. In this case, the diversification algorithm should focus on diversifying documents w.r.t. The type dimension, since there are several aspects to cover there, but should not attempt to diversify for the education level dimension. Hence, while setting the importance values for certain dimensions adaptively (i.e., per query), we consider the variety of the aspect values observed in the candidate set."	JASIST	
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We describe a new rich dataset2 tailored for the evaluation of diversification algorithms with multiple dimensions, built from user interactions with an existing real‐life educational search engine."	JASIST	
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We carry out an extensive evaluation of our work using a realistic experimental set‐up, which is based on query instances and clicks in addition to TREC‐style relevance annotations. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach in comparison to strong baselines, showing improvements of 2.6%, 1.4%, and 2.2% for the diversification metrics ERR‐IA, α‐nDCG and P‐IA, respectively; and an improvement of 1.4% for the traditional P@2 metric. Considering the positive impact of diversified result presentation on the learning outcomes (e.g., knowledge gains of users) as shown in Collins‐Thompson, Rieh, Haynes, and Syed (2016) and Syed and Collins‐Thompson (2017), these improvements in diversification performance are likely to translate into learning gains in the educational search context, which is the ultimate goal of our present investigation."	JASIST	
One size does not fit all: A study of badge behavior in stack overflow	"distinguish between different groups of user activity, including users who are not affected by the badge system despite being significant contributors to the site"	JASIST	
One size does not fit all: A study of badge behavior in stack overflow	provide a predictive model of how users change their activity group over the course of their lifetime in the system.	JASIST	
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	"we propose a new factor, the noisiness of context words, which influences the stability of medical concept embeddings regardless of high or low frequency. We evaluate the proposed factor by showing the linear correlation with the stability of medical concept embeddings"	JASIST	
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	"Based on the linear relations, we make suggestions on ways to adjust the noisiness of context words for the improvement of stability."	JASIST	
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	we demonstrate that the linear relation of the proposed factor extends to the word embedding stability in general domain.	JASIST	
Using information science to enhance educational preventing violent extremism programs	This paper argues for adopting theoretical principles drawn from information science research based upon information behavior models to provide a framework for the design and development of such programs and against which their efficacy can be tested.	JASIST	
Using information science to enhance educational preventing violent extremism programs	"We demonstrate how this approach can be applied through thematic analysis of the theory of change models of EPVE programs implemented in England and Wales, designed to increase awareness and understanding of radicalization among young people, their carers, and professionals"	JASIST	
"Search foundations: Toward a science of technology‐mediated experience. Arafat, Sachi and Ashoori, Elham. Boston, MA: MIT Press, 2019. 448, pp. $65.00 (hardback). (ISBN 9780262038591)"	"create a unified field that incorporates both the traditional fields of information retrieval and information science, particularly the information behavior and seeking part of the latter field. This newly defined field then morphs conceptually into a more developed form, to be renamed an STME."	JASIST	
"Do better search engines really equate to better clinical decisions? If not, why not?"	"We investigated the same relationship, but for realistic, complex search tasks required in clinical decision making."	JASIST	
"Do better search engines really equate to better clinical decisions? If not, why not?"	identified the relative contribution of search engine effectiveness to the overall end task success	JASIST	
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	paper opens by explaining changes in value perception as a result of experiencing information.	JASIST	
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	"Next, we describe the methodology and procedures of the research, which includes 16 experiment permutations."	JASIST	
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	"Finally, the paper discusses the theoretical and practical contribution of the research"	JASIST	
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"We propose HAM‐TR, a personalized tag recommendation method based on hierarchical attention model. HAM‐TR exploits two levels of attention to effectively aggregate different elements and different information, respectively."	JASIST	
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"We further study the impact of content information, collaborative information, and personalized information on tag recommendation by building different models based on different information. The results show that all three kinds of information can improve the results of tag recommendation. In particular, using both item‐related information and user‐related information can bring better results, and using the three kinds of information at the same time can bring the largest performance improvement."	JASIST	
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"By constructing different models based on different levels of attention, we further verified that either the top layered attention network or the bottom layered attention network can improve the performance of the model, and the improvement effect brought by the top attention network is stronger."	JASIST	
From bilingual to multilingual neural‐based machine translation by incremental training	This paper proposes a proof of concept of a new multilingual NMT approach.	JASIST	
Loosen control without losing control: Formalization and decentralization within commons‐based peer production	exploring the sociotechnical systems that have emerged around both Drupal's development and its face‐to‐face communitarian events	JASIST	
Loosen control without losing control: Formalization and decentralization within commons‐based peer production	"It focuses on the evolution of organizational structures, identifying the intertwined dynamics of formalization and decentralization, resulting in coexisting sociotechnical systems that vary in their degrees of organicity."	JASIST	
Medieval Spanish (12th–15th centuries) named entity recognition and attribute annotation system based on contextual information	"First, it is geared towards a custom entity taxonomy, intended to represent medieval entities in a way useful for humanities scholars (Álvarez Mellado et al., 2020)."	JASIST	
Medieval Spanish (12th–15th centuries) named entity recognition and attribute annotation system based on contextual information	"Second, entity attributes (or entity structure) are analyzed via dependency parsing."	JASIST	
Do the stars align?: Stakeholders and strategies in libraries' curation of an astronomy dataset	"We identify three factors that contributed to these differences in perspective: differing strategic motivations for undertaking this Data Transfer Process, SDSS leaders' misperceptions about libraries, and organizational mismatches."	JASIST	
Do the stars align?: Stakeholders and strategies in libraries' curation of an astronomy dataset	"These factors contributed to four differences in perspective between SDSS leaders and library staff: provenance as technical information or as information about social context, dataset as a live research object or as a static object to be preserved, systems and services tailored to the dataset or easily adaptable to other datasets, and obstacles as setbacks or as opportunities"	JASIST	
Framing a discussion on paradigm shift(s) in the field of information	initiate dialogues on ground‐breaking ideas and innovative solutions as well as support research that addresses contemporary challenges in the field of information.	JASIST	
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	"Drawing on key theories of information processing and presentation, we identify multiple text and visual features that are associated with fake or credible news articles."	JASIST	
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	perform a predictive analysis to detect features most strongly associated with fake news.	JASIST	
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	"we combine these features in predictive models using multiple machine‐learning techniques. The experimental results indicate that a multimodal approach outperforms single‐modality approaches, allowing for better fake news detection."	JASIST	
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	we pinpoint a noteworthy gap that our research seeks to fill: censorship targeting multimedia	JASIST	
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	we explicate our theoretical reasoning and hypotheses	JASIST	
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	"we lay out our methodology, including case selection, data collection, and data analysis."	JASIST	
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	"we present our findings and discussions with plausible explanations, limitations, and reflections on our conclusions"	JASIST	
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"First, we propose an automatic template generation that can capture prominent patterns using the dominating set algorithm"	JASIST	
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"Second, we devise an alignment‐based template‐matching technique that uses a logistic regression model, which makes it more general and flexible than pure rule‐based approaches."	JASIST	
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"Last, we apply PBA to RME on extensive cross‐domain corpora and demonstrate its robustness and generality."	JASIST	
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"A DMASA framework is established to capture fine‐grained features in images and texts, in which salient regions in visual images and semantic words in textual descriptions can be located from different angles."	JASIST	
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"A multistage training scheme is proposed for visual‐textual embedding learning. In contrast to the commonly used single‐stage training, it makes our framework perform better with no increase of retrieval time."	JASIST	
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"Detailed experimental and visualization results demonstrate the effectiveness of different components in our framework. The state‐of‐the‐art performance for cross‐modal retrieval can be achieved on Flickr8k, Flickr30k, and MSCOCO."	JASIST	
Information behavior and social control: Toward an understanding of conflictual information behavior in families managing chronic illness	we introduce the concept of conflictual information behaviors	JASIST	
Information behavior and social control: Toward an understanding of conflictual information behavior in families managing chronic illness	a preliminary Model of Conflictual Information Behavior;	JASIST	
People and places: Bridging the information gaps in refugee integration	Our findings expand understandings of information sources and information grounds. The matrix can be used to enhance host societies' capacity to make appropriate information available	JASIST	
People and places: Bridging the information gaps in refugee integration	provide evidence for the implementation of the information needs matrix.	JASIST	
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"This paper presents an initial foray into understanding how established practices for managing and preserving data should adapt to demands from researchers who use and reuse SMD, and from people who are subjects in SMD"	JASIST	
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"We examine the data management practices of researchers who use SMD through a survey, and we analyze published articles that used data from Twitter."	JASIST	
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	We discuss how researchers describe their data management practices and how these practices may differ from the management of conventional data types.	JASIST	
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"We explore conceptual, technical, and ethical challenges for data archives based on the similarities and differences between SMD and other types of research data, focusing on the social sciences"	JASIST	
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"Finally, we suggest areas where archives may need to revise policies, practices, and services in order to create secure, persistent, and usable collections of SMD."	JASIST	
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	"We contribute to the literature on citation analysis and probe into the area of deep citation space (>450,000 articles) by investigating the structural properties of citation diffusion as well as the evolutionary effects of research relevance on citation structure"	JASIST	
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	"we introduced the concept of the citation cascade (Min et al., 2017) and suggested metrics by which to quantify and measure it."	JASIST	
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	e now analyze how citations behave when they reach into a currently unknown depth	JASIST	
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How is AI becoming part of the world of work?	JASIST	
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How is the world of work becoming part of AI?	JASIST	
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How can the information community help address this topic of Work in the Age of Intelligent Machines (WAIM)? This opinion piece considers these 3 questions by drawing on discussion from an engaging 2019 iConference workshop organized by the NSF supported WAIM research coordination network	JASIST	
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Form special interest groups within professional associations; specifically, using this paper as a platform, information scientists should meet to develop a “formal” shared research/training/policy/implementation agenda centered around the application of information science to global health crises and then meet with global health (clinical, research, and policy) colleagues to share and refine this agenda and make it the most relevant and impactful"	JASIST	
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Information science journals, for example, Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology, devote special issues about these topics; also consider collaborating with/jointly publishing with global health journals to reach broader audience and to bring the science and practice of information science more to the “front lines”;"	JASIST	
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Discuss how to measure our work's real‐world impact. Clinicians such as doctors and nurses, who work with patients on the frontline, are valued by the direct impact they have on the patients, as it should be. Perhaps we, as “information clinicians,” should also be, in part, assessed by how much our work contributes to positive changes on the frontline of information crises."	JASIST	
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Draw more attention to global health literacy and eHealth literacy, in addition to information literacy, in information science research and education. Information scientists and educators can help improve the public's abilities to identify misinformation/disinformation and use of mobile apps, social media, and information system in crises. This is especially important for vulnerable populations that may require special attention and intervention."	JASIST	
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"COVID‐19 brings to light challenges associated with not only a global health crisis but also a global information crisis. Promoting interdisciplinary collaborations with a broad range of perspectives and fields is key to developing solutions for further public information crises. For example, information scientists could work with clinicians to develop ways to obtain the best and most current information from agencies such as the World Health Organization, the CDC, and nongovernmental agencies that can assist with accurate information dissemination and treatment plans. Furthermore, global health pandemics tend to disproportionately affect countries with weak local healthcare delivery systems. It is imperative for information scientists to also work closely with local governments, for example, state‐/county‐/district‐level Ministries of Health/public sector healthcare delivery systems."	JASIST	
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"examine the effects of various theoretically motivated factors relating to collection size, properties of the target file, and user workload"	JASIST	
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"Testing a very different population, we confirm previous findings that failure percentages of GIM are approximately double those of PIM."	JASIST	
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"discuss possible theoretical explanations, specifically how factors that hinder retrieval exacerbate the general GIM problem of retrieving files organized by other people"	JASIST	
Toward community‐inclusive data ecosystems: Challenges and opportunities of open data for community‐based organizations	"Our study presented dataʼs role in supporting communitiesʼ development by: diagnosing community problems and designing community services, securing funding and verifying needs, evaluating programs, highlighting community strengths, and fostering policy changes relevant to community development. Despite dataʼs role, our findings suggested that several major challenges hinder CBOs data use: difficulty accessing data, limitations of open data (un‐local nature, excluding essential data from being open), limited data capacity (especially in data literacy skills), and difficulties using and accessing existing data infrastructures"	JASIST	
The stability of Twitter metrics: A study on unavailable Twitter mentions of scientific publications	"study proposes two measures for describing the Twitter dissemination structures of publications: Degree of Originality (i.e., the proportion of original tweets received by an article) and Degree of Concentration (i.e., the degree to which retweets concentrate on a single original tweet)"	JASIST	
The stability of Twitter metrics: A study on unavailable Twitter mentions of scientific publications	"we emphasize the importance of paying attention to the potential risk of unstable Twitter counts, and the significance of identifying the different Twitter dissemination structures when studying the Twitter metrics of scientific publications."	JASIST	
Library cultures of data curation: Adventures in astronomy	"We present a study, comprising interviews (n = 43) and ethnographic observation, of two university libraries who partnered with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) collaboration to curate a significant astronomy data set. The two libraries made different choices of the materials to curate and associated services, which resulted in different reuse possibilities."	JASIST	
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"source‐adoption behavior indicates a stronger desire to use a source. This framework allows researchers to not only explore how frequently each type of source is visited, but also how efficiently the participants adopt information from that source."	JASIST	
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"health conditions (severe vs. mild) are found to be critical factors that influence laypeople's source‐selection behavior. This highlights the importance of task‐related factors in modeling people's source‐selection behavior. Although more studies are needed to examine the generality of this finding, it does suggest that other aspects of health conditions besides severity could be examined for their influence on source selection."	JASIST	
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"this study contributes a genre‐based classification framework for online health information sources, an instrument that can be examined and expanded upon by future researchers"	JASIST	
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"the scenario‐based task design proposed in this study, which consists of three phases of a sequential search process, can be adopted by future researchers to study similarly complex and exploratory online seeking behaviors."	JASIST	
Pirate open access as electronic civil disobedience: Is it ethical to breach the paywalls of monetized academic publishing?	An analysis of the ethicality of current arrangements in academic publishing shows that monetization and the sequestering of scientific knowledge behind paywalls breach the principle of fairness and damage public interest	JASIST	
"The Great Hack (documentary film). Produced and directed by Karim Amer and Jehane Noujaim. Netflix, 2019. 1 hour 54 minutes"	"review will attempt to put The Great Hack in its historical, political, and technical context, and will try to answer the question: How dangerous was Cambridge Analytica?"	JASIST	
Female librarians and male computer programmers? Gender bias in occupational images on digital media platforms	the ongoing conversation on bias in algorithms	JASIST	
Female librarians and male computer programmers? Gender bias in occupational images on digital media platforms	"Different types of curation may surely be more appropriate for different digital platforms, companies, or users, depending on their goals."	JASIST	
Older adultsʼ credibility assessment of online health information: An exploratory study using an extended typology of web credibility	"This study was the first to use the extended typology of web credibility assessment (Choi & Stvilia, 2015), featuring the key dimensions of credibility (i.e., trustworthiness and expertise) and the three major sources of credibility cues (i.e., operator‐, content‐, and design‐related features of web resources). Using the extended typology helped the researcher articulate the conceptual relationships between various credibility cues and heuristics and the perceived credibility of web‐based health information resources in terms of the two underlying dimensions of credibility"	JASIST	
Older adultsʼ credibility assessment of online health information: An exploratory study using an extended typology of web credibility	"This article demonstrated how the extended framework could guide the analysis and interpretation of qualitative research data such as interview data. More specifically, the definitions of six types of web credibility and example cues and heuristics"	JASIST	
Toward a document‐centered ontological theory for information architecture in corporations	"we present some basic theory for IA in the form of a formal framework to represent corporations in which IA activities take place, acknowledging that our approach is de facto a subset of IA we call the enterprise information architecture (EAI) approach. By doing this, we highlight the effects that documents cause within corporations in the scope of EIA."	JASIST	
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Even though panel splitting and panel label recognition have been separately studied before, to our knowledge this is the first work to try solving them together with a unified model. We proposed one algorithm that can not only solve panel splitting, panel label recognition, and panel segmentation tasks jointly, but also as separate steps. Further, it can also process both stitched and regular figures with and without panel labels."	JASIST	
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Our model can predict two object components (panels and panel labels) at the same time. The predictors share the same backbone convolutional layers, resulting in saved computation."	JASIST	
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	We conducted comprehensive experiments to evaluate the performance and compare them to the state‐of‐the‐art. We achieved better performance than the state‐of‐the‐art.	JASIST	
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Through experiments, we show that combining panel splitting and panel label recognition benefit each other."	JASIST	
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"We annotated and open‐sourced a large figure data set. To our knowledge, this is the first large figure segmentation data set with annotations of both panels and their labels. It can be downloaded from the National Library of Medicine (NLM) website.1"	JASIST	
Research leadership flow determinants and the role of proximity in research collaborations	"The outcome of this research sheds light on the leadership evolution and flow among Chinese institutions, and thus can provide evidence and support for grant allocation policies to facilitate scientific research and collaborations"	JASIST	
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	we propose two dimensions of crowdfunders that capture the heterogeneity in crowdfundersʼ behavior: opinion leadership and interest specialization of crowdfunders.	JASIST	
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	"Using a set of variables representing these two dimensions, our analysis revealed five distinct archetypes of crowdfunders: the Vocal Actives, the Silent Actives, the Focused Enthusiasts, the Trend Followers, and the Star Seekers, who each adopted distinct crowdfunding strategies"	JASIST	
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	We established external and criterion‐related validity of the cluster solutions in multiple way	JASIST	
Multilingual publishing in the social sciences and humanities: A seven‐country European study	"multilingual publishing is an ongoing practice in many SSH research fields regardless of geographical location, political situation, and/or historical heritage. Here we argue that research is international, but multilingual publishing keeps locally relevant research alive with the added potential for creating impact."	JASIST	
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"Empirical analysis of Cabellʼs Journal Blacklist reveals substantial diversity in types and degrees of predatory publishing. While some blacklisted publishers produce journals with many severe violations of academic norms, “gray” journals and publishers occupy borderline or ambiguous niches between predation and legitimacy"	JASIST	
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"Conceptions of predation are based on overlapping evaluations of academic and economic legitimacy. High institutional status benefits publishers by reducing conflicts between—if not aligning—professional and market institutional logics, which are more likely to conflict and create illegitimacy concerns in downmarket niches."	JASIST	
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"High rejection rates imbue high‐status journals with value and pricing power, while low‐status OA journals face “predatory” incentives to optimize revenue via low selectivity. Status influences the social acceptability of profit‐seeking in academic publishing, rendering lower‐status publishers vulnerable to being perceived and stigmatized as illegitimate."	JASIST	
Information informing design: Information Science research with implications for the design of digital information environments	"This article argues that as JASIST exists at the intersection between information, systems, and users, it is natural to want to understand how people engage with information to inform design and, by doing so, Information Science research can build bridges between Information Science and computing disciplines and make contributions that transcend its discipline boundaries."	JASIST	
Information informing design: Information Science research with implications for the design of digital information environments	It argues that Information Science research not only has the potential but also the duty to inform the design of future digital information environments.	JASIST	
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	This study contributes to improving our understanding of information propagation on Twitter during disasters.	JASIST	
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	"Academically, we offer a new variable of entropy to measure a tweetʼs uncertainty, an important factor influencing disaster tweetsʼ retweeting. Entropy plays a critical role to better comprehend URLs and emoticons as a means to convey information"	JASIST	
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	"Practically, this research suggests a set of guidelines for effectively crafting disaster messages on Twitter."	JASIST	
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	Specialists are those who contribute to all their tasks alone	JASIST	
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	team‐players are those who contribute to every task with other collaborators	JASIST	
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	"versatiles are those who do both. We find that team‐players are the majority and they tend to contribute to the 5 most common tasks as expected, such as “data analysis” and “performing experiments.”"	JASIST	
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	we apply the ELM/KAM to Q&A OHCs.	JASIST	
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	"we use text mining to comprehensively extract argument quality and source credibility features from user's questions and physician's answers. Meanwhile, we investigate the moderating effect of user involvement on the association between the determinants of argument quality or source credibility and user's adoption."	JASIST	
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	"Third, based on the results, we provide a better understanding of user's adoption behavior in Q&A OHC using large‐scale data."	JASIST	
A joint neural network model for combining heterogeneous user data sources: An example of at‐risk student prediction	The proposal of a neural network framework for jointly modeling time series and cross‐sectional features for prediction. The framework is also flexible to be applied in or extended to other problems requiring the simultaneous modeling of heterogeneous data sources.	JASIST	
A joint neural network model for combining heterogeneous user data sources: An example of at‐risk student prediction	"The empirical evaluation of the proposed framework and a variety of existing approaches of predicting learner achievements using profile data and/or event log series, which demonstrate the state‐of‐the‐art and indicate the superior performance of the proposed method."	JASIST	
Getting ready to reduce the digital divide: Scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries	This research contributes to the discussion on solving digital exclusion issues by addressing the emergent roles and challenges of Lithuanian public libraries in reducing the digital divide.	JASIST	
Getting ready to reduce the digital divide: Scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries	The article combines a multilevel model of the digital divide with the concept of business idea and analyzes the future scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries.	JASIST	
Scientific journals still matter in the era of academic search engines and preprint archives	we show that prior estimates of the effect of journal reputation on an individual article's impact (measured by citations) are likely inflated	JASIST	
A matter of trust: Higher education institutions as information fiduciaries in an age of educational data mining and learning analytics	"HEIs have a moral obligation to act in students' interests, and that LA surfaces such an obligation in ways other sociotechnical systems have not"	JASIST	
A matter of trust: Higher education institutions as information fiduciaries in an age of educational data mining and learning analytics	"we argue that an institution's fiduciary responsibility requires limited data collection and analysis, and that such data practices should only be pursued when they align with and are directed to support student interests and protect their privacy."	JASIST	
Design partnerships for participatory librarianship: A conceptual model for understanding librarians co designing With digital youth	Our first contribution is the development of our participatory librarian conceptual model.	JASIST	
Design partnerships for participatory librarianship: A conceptual model for understanding librarians co designing With digital youth	"Second, our study contributes to the pragmatic support of librarians and instructional design."	JASIST	
The citation advantage of promoted articles in a cross‐publisher distribution platform: A 12‐month randomized controlled trial	Our primary outcome compares the mean citations of articles randomized to TrendMD versus control after 12 months. Articles randomized to TrendMD showed a 50% increase in mean citations relative to control at 12 months	JASIST	
The citation advantage of promoted articles in a cross‐publisher distribution platform: A 12‐month randomized controlled trial	"To our knowledge, this is the first randomized controlled trial to demonstrate how an intervention can be used to increase citations of peer‐reviewed articles after they have been published"	JASIST	
Disaster privacy/privacy disaster	"Our empirical study compares content analysis of privacy policies and government agency policies, structured by the contextual integrity framework, with static and dynamic app analysis documenting the personal data sent by 15 apps."	JASIST	
Disaster privacy/privacy disaster	"We identify substantive gaps between regulation and guidance, privacy policies, and information flows, resulting from ambiguities and exploitation of exemptions."	JASIST	
“To protect my health or to protect my health privacy?” A mixed‐methods investigation of the privacy paradox	"First, the study clarifies the sustained importance of privacy in the health context irrespective of the technology in question."	JASIST	
“To protect my health or to protect my health privacy?” A mixed‐methods investigation of the privacy paradox	"Second, our integrated findings advance our understanding of the privacy calculus with perceived benefits and HIPC influencing technology adoption at different stages and the privacy paradox in this context suggesting temporality (Hallam & Zanella, 2017) and the role of different biases as an explanation of this paradox"	JASIST	
“The dearest of our possessions”: Applying Floridi's information privacy concept in models of information behavior and information literacy	This conceptual article argues for the value of an approach to privacy in the digital information environment informed by Luciano Floridi's philosophy of information and information ethics.	JASIST	
“We're being tracked at all times”: Student perspectives of their privacy in relation to learning analytics in higher education	"The study uncovered perspectives on institutional trust that were heretofore unknown, as well as what actions might violate that trust"	JASIST	
“We're being tracked at all times”: Student perspectives of their privacy in relation to learning analytics in higher education	Institutions must balance their desire to implement LA with their obligation to educate students about their analytic practices and treat them as partners in the design of analytic strategies reliant on student data in order to protect their intellectual privacy.	JASIST	
"Risks, benefits, and control of information: Two studies of smart electric meter privacy"	findings accord with several information privacy frameworks adding new insights about consumers' perceived control over their energy data	JASIST	
"Risks, benefits, and control of information: Two studies of smart electric meter privacy"	"he findings can inform utility companies and policymakers with respect to giving consumers more control over their data, reducing consumers' privacy concerns, communicating benefits of smart meter data, and providing accurate information about the risks."	JASIST	
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	we find that women are much less likely than men to approve of the use of cameras using FRT in the workplace.	JASIST	
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	"We then further explore whether men and women think differently about privacy, and if perceptions of privacy moderate the relationship between gender and approval of workplace surveillance"	JASIST	
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	"Finally, we consider the implications of these findings for privacy and surveillance via embedded technologies, and how the consequences of surveillance and technologies like FRT may be gendered."	JASIST	
"Online privacy concerns and privacy protection strategies among older adults in East York, Canada"	We contribute to the literature on privacy and older adults by proposing a typology of privacy concerns.	JASIST	
#BlockSidewalk to Barcelona: Technological sovereignty and the social license to operate smart cities	we present an overview of smart city developments with a critical focus on corporatization and platform urbanism.	JASIST	
#BlockSidewalk to Barcelona: Technological sovereignty and the social license to operate smart cities	"Second, we explore what a more responsible smart city could look like, underpinned by technological sovereignty, which is a way to use technologies to promote individual and collective autonomy and empowerment via ownership, control, and self‐governance of data and technologies."	JASIST	
The personal information sphere: An integral approach to privacy and related information and communication rights	"to respect privacy and related rights, online personalization providers should actively involve users in the personalization process and enable them to use personalization for personal goals."	JASIST	
Cultural factors and the role of privacy concerns in acceptance of government surveillance	the research contributes to a better contextual understanding of surveillance and privacy.	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	its detailed characterization of the variability of information interaction approaches in this context	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the identification of the sociality of these approaches	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the role that trust in one's healthcare provider may play in patients’ approach to health information.	JASIST	
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	This article tested 3 machine‐learning methods and found that the C5.0 decision tree performed best	JASIST	
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	The difference and relationship between task preparation and task resumption were investigated by comparing their behavioral features. It is concluded that information need remains blurred in task preparation and becomes clear in task resumption.	JASIST	
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"contribute to a better understanding of the web search behavior from a userʼs perspective, which would help designers of search engines to provide users with better web search support."	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	(i) HIA present both technological and human risks;	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	the expectation of privacy self‐management by vulnerable populations is problematic	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	"there is a need for robust, actionable, privacy‐related guidelines for HIA"	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	We suggest 5 recommendations to strengthen the privacy protection offered to undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations.	JASIST	
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Our primary contribution is a framework grounded in organizational learning theory that comprehensively explains how ISM and IR can be integrated, and the corresponding security‐learning opportunities and benefits to the organization."	JASIST	
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Second, in this article the discourse on integration between ISM and IR has been at a whole‐of‐function level (and to some extent at a practice‐area level) because the unit of analysis is the organization and the primary objective is to identify overarching organizational learning benefits arising from linking two traditionally disconnected functions. Researchers can extend this study by discussing integration possibilities between individual ISM and IR practices and the potential flow‐on benefits to organizational learning as a consequence."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This study contributes to the effort of measuring dimensions that are theoretically important and related to service quality, and it is among the first ones in the library management literature to recover the hierarchical nature of PSQ (except for Nagata, Satoh, Gerrard, & Kytömäki, 2004)."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"The practical contribution of that is that UL is not conditioned to an information service provider that offers more courtesy or reliability or responsiveness than others, but to the option that, in the global evaluation, provides the best service quality."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This finding encourages insights that may help librarians, coordinators, and managers in planning and developing strategies/tactics capable of affecting the userʼs choosing process in the face of the available information service providers."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"First, the conceptualization and operationalization of PSQ as a second‐order level construct that recovers the hierarchical nature of PSQ, which seems to be lost in the literature (Brady & Cronin, 2001)."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"And second, we disagree with Parasuraman et al. (1988) that the five dimensions of the SERVQUAL model are enough to capture all the DSQ suggested by Parasuraman et al. (1985)"	JASIST	
Academic collaboration rates and citation associations vary substantially between countries and fields	This study compares the team size and field normalized citation impact of research across all 27 Scopus broad fields in the 10 countries with the most journal articles indexed in Scopus 2008–2012	JASIST	
Developing an empirical measure of everyday information mastering	"Our study contributes to this research gap by focusing on a key domain of information behavior, that is, everyday information mastering (EIM)"	JASIST	
Developing an empirical measure of everyday information mastering	The instrument contributes to the systematic empirical study of EIM constituents and their relationships. The study further sheds light on key modes of EIM.	JASIST	
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	"According to our knowledge, we report the first user study quantifying the benefits of interactive faceted query suggestion for whole‐session retrieval effectiveness and user engagement in exploratory search tasks."	JASIST	
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	"Our results show that interactive faceted query suggestion is used for directed situated navigation to complement, but not substitute, typed‐query interaction. This suggests that search assistance implemented as interactive faceted query suggestion is used for supporting exploration beyond the initial query context."	JASIST	
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	Our results suggest that whole‐session relevance in exploratory search is associated with the availability of search assistance and that search assistance provides limited or no advantage at individual query–response level.	JASIST	
A computational analysis of art historical linked data for assessing authoritativeness of attributions	"we presented the research design, methods, and results of a computational analysis performed on art historical linked data"	JASIST	
A computational analysis of art historical linked data for assessing authoritativeness of attributions	The objective was to assess the authoritativeness of secondary sources recording artwork attributions.	JASIST	
The collective trolling lifecycle	"The major contributions of the study are the characterization of collective trolling, and the addition of a lifecycle model to the understanding of trolling as sociotechnical, context‐dependent, and multidimensional phenomenon."	JASIST	
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	"We propose two models, Dir(H) and Dir(H + T), by modification of a Baseline‐Dirichlet model to incorporate “helpfulness” and time of review that allows scoring products regardless of the number of reviews it received. Our experiments demonstrate that Dir(H) and Dir(H + T) outperforms baseline models in comparing “few–few” and “rich–rich” product pairs."	JASIST	
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	We propose to infer the “helpful” probability of reviews from limited helpfulness votes based on the Beta distribution. This allows us to use all reviews regardless of the number of votes reviews received.	JASIST	
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	We propose an improved way to evaluate aggregation models by using expert reviews as ground truth.	JASIST	
The diverse niches of megajournals: Specialism within generalism	"Our results show that the examined generalist journals—whether a megajournal, conventional journal or quasi‐megajournal—all exhibited unique niches in terms of publishing outcomes and disciplinary composition"	JASIST	
"Consolidated, systemic conceptualization, and definition of the “sharing economy”"	"We identify 36 original understandings of the term “sharing economy.” Using semantic integration strategies, we consolidate 84 semantic facets in these definitions into 18 characteristics of the sharing economy. Resolving conflicts in the meaning and scope of these characteristics, we arrive at a consolidated, systemic definition."	JASIST	
"Consolidated, systemic conceptualization, and definition of the “sharing economy”"	We evaluate the definition's appropriateness and applicability by applying it to cases claimed by the media to be examples of the sharing economy.	JASIST	
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"First, the ratios of full forenames in each data set are changed from 0% (all initialized) to 100%. Second, forename strings are stripped into 1 through 10 characters. These settings reflect the real‐world scenario in which an author can be represented by different forename variants (synonym) and two or more authors share the same forenames (homonym)."	JASIST	
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"Second, forename strings are stripped into 1 through 10 characters. These settings reflect the real‐world scenario in which an author can be represented by different forename variants (synonym) and two or more authors share the same forenames (homonym)."	JASIST	
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"Next, the performances of simple string‐based matching (heuristic) and machine‐learning‐based (algorithmic) disambiguation approaches are evaluated under each setting. In addition, for algorithmic disambiguation, the forename's feature importance in relation to other features is measured by the impurity change in Random Forest. Findings from this study will help us better understand the effectiveness of forenames in author name disambiguation and provide practical implications for improving future disambiguation studies."	JASIST	
Revisiting “the 1990s debutante”: Scholar‐led publishing and the prehistory of the open access movement	"The article explores the motivations and practices of early scholar‐led journals through analysis of a range of source documents including editorials, positions statements, and contemporaneous scholarly literature on these journals."	JASIST	
Exploring the Information Worlds of Older Persons During Disasters	"The article contributes to the information behavior literature by developing a more informed understanding of both the interrelationship between the information worlds and activities of older persons, and how older persons seek and share information during disasters."	JASIST	
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	we hypothesize that users with higher privacy concerns may consider contextual factors differently from those with lower privacy concerns.	JASIST	
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	We additionally find that users' perceived risk towards the requester mediates the effect of context and privacy concerns. These results extend our understanding about the cognitive process behind privacy decision making in SNSs.	JASIST	
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	The interaction effects suggest strategies for SNS providers to predict user's friend request acceptance and to customize context‐aware privacy decision support based on users' different privacy attitudes.	JASIST	
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	a readability assessment study that considers six different European languages	JASIST	
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	an examination of the predictive power of state‐of‐the‐art features for each language under study	JASIST	
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	"an analysis (based on empirical results) that outlines possible advantages and drawbacks induced by creating a cross‐lingual readability assessment strategy, such as interlanguage agreement or improving the performance of readability assessment for low‐resource languages."	JASIST	
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	we propose 3 different approaches to measure the semantic relatedness between 2 words: (i) boost the performance of GloVe word embedding model via removing or transforming abnormal dimensions	JASIST	
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	(ii) linearly combine the information extracted from WordNet and word embeddings	JASIST	
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	"(iii) utilize word embedding and 12 linguistic information extracted from WordNet as features for Support Vector Regression. We conducted our experiments on 8 benchmark data sets, and computed Spearman correlations between the outputs of our methods and the ground truth."	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	its detailed characterization of the variability of information interaction approaches in this context	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the identification of the sociality of these approaches	JASIST	
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the role that trust in one's healthcare provider may play in patients’ approach to health information	JASIST	
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	"we first discuss task preparation and task resumption as two separate parts of cross‐device search. By contrasting their respective features, we discuss the difference between task preparation and task resumption behaviors."	JASIST	
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	We then discuss task preparation and task resumption by combining them into a complete cross‐device search process.	JASIST	
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"(a) support older adults in using the Internet in everyday life, with the aim of improving their efficiency in evaluating information and promoting a quick decision‐making process"	JASIST	
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	train older people to use pc buttons or a specific combination of buttons to improve their search strategy	JASIST	
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"support older people in maintaining a good level of fluid IQ (that is, training creativity and working memory, focusing on problems that, at least superficially, do not resemble those on the fluid‐ability tests; Jaeggi, Buschkuehl, Jonides, & Perrig, 2008) so that they are able to change strategy when solving search problems."	JASIST	
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"This study suggests a significant contribution of citizen science to various disciplines as well as overall science education, literacy, and development"	JASIST	
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"A solid theoretical grounding of citizen science research, coupled with application of pertinent emergent theories to various processes associated with scientific inquiry and discovery, suggests the disciplinary traits and unique contributions."	JASIST	
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"This study proposes that the current pace of citizen science research, empowered by ordinary citizens as well as technological affordances, provides solid evidence to warrant further development of citizen science as a unique discipline that can strengthen and democratize scientific inquiry"	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	we propose a conceptual framework for protecting privacy in the context of humanitarian information activities (HIA) with irregular migrants.	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	(i) HIA present both technological and human risks	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	ii) the expectation of privacy self‐management by vulnerable populations is problematic;	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	"(iii) there is a need for robust, actionable, privacy‐related guidelines for HIA"	JASIST	
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	We suggest 5 recommendations to strengthen the privacy protection offered to undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations.	JASIST	
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Our primary contribution is a framework grounded in organizational learning theory that comprehensively explains how ISM and IR can be integrated, and the corresponding security‐learning opportunities and benefits to the organization."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This study contributes to the effort of measuring dimensions that are theoretically important and related to service quality, and it is among the first ones in the library management literature to recover the hierarchical nature of PSQ"	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"First, the conceptualization and operationalization of PSQ as a second‐order level construct that recovers the hierarchical nature of PSQ, which seems to be lost in the literature (Brady & Cronin, 2001). And second, we disagree with Parasuraman et al. (1988) that the five dimensions of the SERVQUAL model are enough to capture all the DSQ suggested by Parasuraman et al. (1985)."	JASIST	
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"Consequently, we also disagree that the LibQUAL+® tool is adequate to evaluate service quality in the library scenario, because this tool is a result of the SERVQUAL model (Cook & Thompson, 2000)."	JASIST	
Female citation impact superiority 1996–2018 in six out of seven English‐speaking nations	"This study investigates the evolution of gender differences in citation impact 1996–2018 for six million articles from seven large English‐speaking nations: Australia, Canada, Ireland, Jamaica, New Zealand, UK, and the USA."	JASIST	
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	"The process of creating knowledge consists of two stages: the first stage relates to implementation of existing skills in order to solve concrete problems. The second stage refers to the reflection when a specific knowledge is translated into generic knowledge, which contributes to the progress of science (Tress, Tress, & Fry, 2007)"	JASIST	
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	conception and selection of an idea	JASIST	
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	"idea development—where the artists structures, expands, and enriches the selected idea"	JASIST	
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	the actual making of the artwork. Creativity process takes place over a period of time rather than being implemented and created at a single point of time. Creative ideas are revealed throughout a career by research and investigation	JASIST	
Understanding and Information in the Work of Visual Artists	This article presents findings from a phenomenology‐of‐practice study of the information behavior of visual artists	JASIST	
Cultural Heritage Information Practices and iSchools Education for Achieving Sustainable Development	a thematic analysis of cultural heritage policy documents can be used to explore the key themes for cultural informatics education and research that can lead to sustainable development;	JASIST	
Cultural Heritage Information Practices and iSchools Education for Achieving Sustainable Development	"cultural heritage information education should cover a series of skills that can be categorized in five key areas, viz., information, technology, leadership, application, and people and user skills."	JASIST	
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	the first major practical contribution of the present research is that it provides much‐needed investigations on the information sources use of societies based on their collective information behavior	JASIST	
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	A second important implication of our study derives from the uniqueness of the large‐scale secondary data to directly investigating possible connections of socio‐cultural variables and ISU of societies	JASIST	
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	"Finally, investigations on societal variables such as national culture, wealth, general trust and their linear or covariate interactions with ISU deserve greater attention to solve the complexity of interactions of noted factors in predicting information source patterns of societies."	JASIST	
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Enriching Understanding of Gratitude in Online Communities	JASIST	
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Modeling the Experience of Gratitude in Online Communities	JASIST	
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Informing the Design of Online Community Platforms	JASIST	
Factors that affect asker's pay intention in trilateral payment‐based social Q&A platforms: From a benefit and cost perspective	"Our findings contribute to the previous literature by proposing a theoretical model that explains askers' behavioral intention, and the practical implications for payment‐based Q&A service providers and participants."	JASIST	
"Social Informatics Research: Schools of Thought, Methodological Basis, and Thematic Conceptualization"	"The aim of this article is to connect three selected perspectives on SI—intellectual (regional schools of thought), methodological, and thematic—and introduce a comparative framework for understanding SI that includes all known approaches."	JASIST	
"Social Informatics Research: Schools of Thought, Methodological Basis, and Thematic Conceptualization"	"the article draws from a thematic and methodological grounding of research across schools of thought, along with definitions that rely on the extension and intension of the notion of SI."	JASIST	
Music discovery and revisiting behaviors of individuals with different preference characteristics: An experience sampling approach	This study investigated the relationship between an individual's music preference traits and their music finding and listening in everyday life	JASIST	
Music discovery and revisiting behaviors of individuals with different preference characteristics: An experience sampling approach	The results support the proposition that users' music‐related psychological traits should be considered in personalized recommendation strategies.	JASIST	
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"one, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to jointly encode word‐level information and message‐level information from conversation context to help keyphrase extraction."	JASIST	
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"Moreover, we are the first to leverage character information to overcome the OOV problem in keyphrase extraction."	JASIST	
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"Third, we propose a memory network hierarchical encoder in a new type."	JASIST	
Collective Named Entity Recognition in User Comments via Parameterized Label Propagation	"We investigate the problem of named entity recognition in user comments, and we show that collective NER (CoNER) that utilizes the shared contexts between articles and comments can significantly improve recognition performance in the user‐generated text."	JASIST	
Collective Named Entity Recognition in User Comments via Parameterized Label Propagation	"We propose parameterized label propagation (PLP), a semisupervised learning model that can be trained to effectively collect evidence from articles and comments for NER. Through extensive experiments with Yahoo! News comment data set, our CoNER model with PLP demonstrates the most robust and effective performance over existing baselines."	JASIST	
Main path analysis on cyclic citation networks	"Based on the argument that a publication cannot influence itself through a citation cycle, the SimSPC algorithm is proposed to weight citation arcs by counting simple search paths. A set of algorithms are further proposed for main path exploration and extraction directly from cyclic networks based on a novel data structure main path tree."	JASIST	
Main path analysis on cyclic citation networks	"The experiments on two cyclic citation networks demonstrate the usefulness of the alternative solution. In the meanwhile, experiments show that publications in strongly connected components may sit on the turning points of main path networks, which signifies the necessity of a systematic way of dealing with citation cycles."	JASIST	
What Is Known About the Impact of Impairments on Information Seeking and Searching?	"This literature review provides an overview of research on the information seeking and searching of users with impairments. The aim is to provide an overview to both researchers and practitioners who work with any of the user groups identified. Some diagnoses are relatively well represented in the literature (for instance, visual impairment), but there is very little work in other areas (for instance, autism) and in some cases no work at all (for instance, aphasia). Gaps are identified in the research, and suggestions are made regarding areas where further research is needed."	JASIST	
"The Misinformation Age: How False Ideas Spread. Cailin O'Connor and James Owen Weatherall. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2019. 280 pp. $26.00 (hardcover). (ISBN 9780300234015)"	"It provides useful models for tracing, analyzing, and understanding the dynamics of how beliefs are introduced, shared, and accepted within communities"	JASIST	
"The Misinformation Age: How False Ideas Spread. Cailin O'Connor and James Owen Weatherall. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2019. 280 pp. $26.00 (hardcover). (ISBN 9780300234015)"	"reative proposals are suggested for countering and preventing false beliefs, some practical, some controversial, some provocative, but all insightful and innovative. It will therefore be of value to diverse audiences—from scholars and scientists to policymakers and the public—who are concerned about and attempting to address this growing scourge of dis/misinformation."	JASIST	
Designing sustainable online support: Examining the effects of design change in 49 online health support communities	"This research makes a major contribution to our understanding of the relationship between the design and stability of sociotechnical systems by showing how WebMD, a popular place for individuals to exchange social support about a variety of health conditions, maintained—or failed to maintain—its constituent set of rich and engaged communities in the face of a design change in 2010. Understanding the impact of this design change provides a key opportunity to examine the complex interrelationship between community participation, structure, and a site's design affordances."	JASIST	
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	"this study aimed to provide a deeper understanding of the intertwined nature of scientific collaboration on geographic, social, and technological dimension through addressing the following three questions:
 What are the evolving trends of scientific collaboration in terms of social stratification and geographic separation?"	JASIST	
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	What are the effects of cross‐tier collaboration on research productivity and impact?	JASIST	
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	How does the development of ICTs influence the evolving trend and the effects of cross‐tier collaboration?	JASIST	
Social informatics of information value cocreation: A case study of xiaomi's online user community	"This mixed‐methods study investigates information value cocreation from the social informatics perspective to surface sociotechnical implications for IT design and use, since cocreation is inherently social and technology‐mediated."	JASIST	
Social informatics of information value cocreation: A case study of xiaomi's online user community	the cocreation of software as an information‐intensive product is examined	JASIST	
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"From a theoretical perspective, first, we propose an empirical model for the crowd wisdom phenomena based on Surowiecki's theory framework (2005). Different from extant research that mainly focuses on showing the importance of crowd wisdom, we concentrate on investigating crowd characteristics that influence crowd wisdom, thus filling the gap in the empirical evidence for the theory."	JASIST	
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Second, our study empirically demonstrates that this model indeed explains the prediction accuracy of OICs. Using real data extracted from StockTwits, our study provides empirical evidence in support of the conceptual theory"	JASIST	
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Third, we further develop the theory by introducing crowd size as a moderating variable, whose moderating effect is very important but neglected in previous studies"	JASIST	
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Fourth, instead of using a survey research methodology, which is usually time‐consuming and subject to sampling biases, we develop text mining and network analysis‐based measures, which can be readily applied to a large amount of user‐generated data collected from online communities."	JASIST	
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"From a practical perspective, our findings provide guidance for online communities, teams, and organizations to be wiser and more effective in crowd‐based decision making. Specifically, our study shows that experience diversity, participant independence, and network decentralization all have a positive impact on crowd performance."	JASIST	
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"this research contributes to existing literature on CMC, marketing and consumer research, and the communication literature. In terms of contributions to the CMC literature, the present study complements early works on CMC, which have mainly theorized the process of choosing CMC technologies for specific communication tasks (Dennis, Fuller, & Valacich, 2008), and the live chat literature, which has largely focused on articulating the importance of providing CMC tools, such as live chat and shopping websites (Qiu & Benbasat, 2005)"	JASIST	
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"In terms of marketing and consumer research, our granular analyses with multiple research methods unveil the engagement of shoppers in the interactive dialog. Moreover, retailers can use CMC tools to construct expressions that persuade shoppers."	JASIST	
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"In terms of a contribution to the communication literature, the present research extends and further refines the SAT by showing that the analysis of communication content alone may not adequately predict the results of communication"	JASIST	
Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area	Our objective is to detect the new author keywords that appear in a fixed knowledge area in the period of 1 year in order to quantify the probabilities of survival for 10 years as a function of the impact of the journals where they appeared. Many of the new keywords appearing in the LIS field are ephemeral	JASIST	
Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area	"Our purpose is to adapt a statistical method for the analysis of discrete numerical series to the keywords appearing in scientific articles of a given area. As an example, we apply our methodological approach to the study of the keywords in the Library and Information Sciences (LIS) area."	JASIST	
The Social Construction of Risk in Digital Preservation	"n this article I have presented a model for the social construction of risk in digital preservation, which consists of eight factors: communication, complexity, expertise, organizations, political culture, trust, uncertainty, and vulnerability. Taken individually, each of these factors can influence how individuals and groups construct their understanding of risk. When considered together, they can amplify and/or attenuate perceptions of risk."	JASIST	
A contextual approach to information privacy research	"In this position article, we synthesize various knowledge gaps in information privacy scholarship and propose a research agenda that promotes greater cross‐disciplinary collaboration within the iSchool community and beyond"	JASIST	
A contextual approach to information privacy research	We start by critically examining Westin's conceptualization of information privacy and argue for a contextual approach that holds promise for overcoming some of Westin's weaknesses.	JASIST	
A contextual approach to information privacy research	"We then highlight three contextual considerations for studying privacy—digital networks, marginalized populations, and the global context—and close by discussing how these considerations advance privacy theorization and technology design."	JASIST	
Professional Organizations in Twittersphere: An Empirical Study of U.S. Library and Information Science Professional Organizations‐Related Tweets	this study contributes an efficient approach to conducting automated analysis of LIS tweets.	JASIST	
Examining users' partial query modification patterns in voice search	"The outcome of the project contributes to improving users' voice search experience and satisfaction, as well as providing guidance on the design of voice search systems. In the following, previous work, methodology, results, discussions, and conclusion will be presented in sequence."	JASIST	
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"First, for better selection and weighting of the QE terms, we present a kernel‐function weighting formula consisting of a linear combination of two components. The first component is an effective classic PRF model (that is, the Rocchio model or RM3), which calculates the within‐document term weight in a traditional way (that is, the raw term frequency or distribution). The second component can be regarded as a refined version of the PRoc model, which can more effectively capture the proximity information between candidate and query terms in feedback documents. Therefore, the performance of our proposed model can be improved to some extent by adjusting the relative weights between these two components."	JASIST	
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"Second, we improve the term co‐occurrence weight formula in our proposed framework. Specifically, in a few previous studies (for instance, Miao et al., 2012; Ye & Huang, 2016), the factor of the term discrimination power in the proposed models has been equal to log((N – N t + 0.5) / (N t + 0.5)), where N t traditionally represents the number of documents containing a specific term. However, in our proposed term co‐occurrence weight formula, we replace N t with another variant that considers the co‐occurrence information in the feedback documents. In other words, we simultaneously incorporate the co‐occurrence information into the calculation of the factor of the term discrimination power and the factor of the within‐document term weight. Thus, the co‐occurrence information is sufficiently utilized in the whole term weight formula to achieve better performance."	JASIST	
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"Third, our proposal provides a promising avenue for the construction of better kernel‐based PRF approaches in the future. Extensive experiments on nine standard Text Retrieval Conference (TREC) collections also confirm the effectiveness of our proposed framework."	JASIST	
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	This study investigates the content of questions and responses about the Zika virus on Yahoo!	JASIST	
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	"The results indicate that consumers’ concerns changed over the 4 defined periods. Consumers paid more attention to the basic information about the Zika virus, and the prevention and protection from the Zika virus at the beginning of the outbreak of the Zika virus"	JASIST	
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	"During the later periods, consumers became more interested in the role that the government and health organizations played in the public health emergency."	JASIST	
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"he extensive literature on privacy risks has two major streams. One is theoretical, and seeks estimates of the probability that there is any query whose results will reveal an action of one of the system's users. The other exploits the use of side information, in combination with user actions, to unmask users. Instead, we ask how likely it is that aggregated information contained in that system, and used alone, will support a correct inference as to the actions of a specific targeted user. We do not seek to identify which specific individuals are at risk, as the data with which we work will not be made publicly available. We do not use a model in which the attacker exploits side information about the target. We identify two concepts."	JASIST	
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"Visibility represents the probability that a single recommending activity will leave a visible trace in response to some query submitted “soon enough,” by an attacker."	JASIST	
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"Discoverability represents the probability that an attacker's query action, chosen at random, would reveal such a visible trace."	JASIST	
Authors' status and the perceived quality of their work: Measuring citation sentiment change in nobel articles	"contributed to a deeper understanding of citations, we are still far from fully understanding the relationship between citation sentiment and the authors who receive it. Thus, in this article we examine the impact of a change to authors' status on the perception of their work as measured by citation sentiment."	JASIST	
Curation as “Interoperability With the Future”: Preserving Scholarly Research Software in Academic Libraries	"our main contribution, a curation model and decision framework for preserving research software as a scholarly object"	JASIST	
Perceived quality and self‐identity in scholarly publishing	"This research contributes to a deeper understanding about how perceived quality influences intention to publish in OA and non‐OA journals, and how self‐identity salience affects different facets of perceived quality in valence and strength."	JASIST	
Perceived quality and self‐identity in scholarly publishing	"Findings have implications for policy development, implementation, and assessment and may contribute to improving OA adoption."	JASIST	
Personalization in text information retrieval: A survey	"This article surveys the literature of personalization in text retrieval, following a framework for aspects or factors that can be used for personalization"	JASIST	
Personalization in text information retrieval: A survey	"This article also addresses various issues including when to personalize, the evaluation of PIR, privacy, usability, etc. Based on the extensive review, challenges are discussed and directions for future effort are suggested."	JASIST	
A Simple Paradigm for Augmenting the Euclidean Index to Reflect Journal Impact and Visibility	"a simple axiom‐based method for also including journal impact in the Euclidean mechanism, if desired, is the intended contribution of this article."	JASIST	
Down the rabbit hole: Investigating disruption of the information encountering process	"The major contribution is a detailed explanation of why disruption occurs, through the identification of interrelated disrupting factors. All relate to the integral theme of caution when faced with an uncertain cost–benefit trade‐off."	JASIST	
Toward action comprehension for searching: Mining actionable intents in query entities	"We compare different search strategies and their combinations for retrieving the action pool and develop three criteria for measuring the informativeness of the selected action samples, that is, the significance of an action sample within the pool, the representativeness of an action sample for the other candidate samples, and the diverseness of an action sample with respect to the selected actions."	JASIST	
Toward action comprehension for searching: Mining actionable intents in query entities	"Our experiment, based on the Action Mining (AM) query entity data set from the Actionable Knowledge Graph (AKG) task at NTCIR‐13, suggests that the proposed approach is effective in generating an informative and early‐satisfying ranking of potential actions for search users"	JASIST	
Cognitive mechanisms in sensemaking: A qualitative user study	Our results contribute to a better understanding of the sensemaking process—how people think—and this better understanding can inform the teaching of thinking skills and the design of improved sensemaking assistants and mind tools.	JASIST	
Data objects and documenting scientific processes: An analysis of data events in biodiversity data papers	"As a foundation for this research, a classification scheme for the function of data events was developed in this study. We believe that this classification scheme, being developed from an empirical and functional perspective, is an important contribution of the present study."	JASIST	
A user sensitive subject protection approach for book search service	"First, we present a basic framework for the protection of user sensitive subjects in a book search service."	JASIST	
A user sensitive subject protection approach for book search service	"Second, under the system framework we present a privacy protection model for a book search service, which formulates the constraints for the protection of users' book query privacy"	JASIST	
A user sensitive subject protection approach for book search service	"Finally, we design and implement an algorithm for the privacy model."	JASIST	
A user sensitive subject protection approach for book search service	"Moreover, we demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach by theoretical analysis and experimental evaluation. As far as we know, our study is the first attempt at the protection of users' query service privacy in a digital library, which has a positive impact on the construction of a privacy‐preserving digital library in such a network environment as cloud computing."	JASIST	
Modeling the online health information seeking process: Information channel selection among university students	"This study investigates the influence of individual and information characteristics on university students' information channel selection (that is, search engines, social question & answer sites, online health websites, and social networking sites) of online health information (OHI) for three different types of search tasks (factual, exploratory, and personal experience)."	JASIST	
Community building as an effective user engagement strategy: A case study in academic libraries	"In this study we examine a large corpus of Facebook posts in an attempt to discover what linguistic, visual, sentimental, and timing elements contribute to a high level of user engagement, defined here as an uncommonly large number of likes, comments, and shares."	JASIST	
Community building as an effective user engagement strategy: A case study in academic libraries	"Our work makes a theoretical contribution to the literature on online engagement in that we provide a confirmation of the belongingness hypothesis. This hypothesis originated in the social sciences and is embraced in marketing. To our knowledge, this study is the first to test the hypothesis as an explanation for user engagement behaviors in social media."	JASIST	
Community building as an effective user engagement strategy: A case study in academic libraries	"Methodologically, with the help of our statistics collaborators, we contribute a demonstration of how to model social media engagement count data, with its challenging zero‐inflated, highly dispersed discrete distributions. We also provide an example of how to handle post variables nested within organizations by means of a mixed‐effects model with a random intercept. As more social media post attributes are conceived, quantified, and tested in the future, our model provides a base upon which to build."	JASIST	
Community building as an effective user engagement strategy: A case study in academic libraries	"In addition to our theoretical and methodological contributions, several operational recommendations follow from our findings. Organizations should continue to pursue a stable audience (“page likes” on Facebook or “followers” on Instagram) but should understand that a large audience is not the strongest predictor of engagement. Organizations should recognize that although virality is unpredictable, consistently engaging content has a few features in common: it uses multimedia, it has long‐term variety, it is not recycled content at an external URL, and it is posted in the morning."	JASIST	
Community building as an effective user engagement strategy: A case study in academic libraries	"Finally, and most relevant to our study, post content should provide some psychological needs fulfillment"	JASIST	
Should we introduce a dislike button for academic articles?	"In this article we shed insight into the problem of “negative” citations, analyzing data from Stack Exchange and, to draw more universal conclusions, we derive an approximation of citations scores. Here we show that the quantified influence of introducing negative citations is of lesser importance and that they could be used as an indicator of where the attention of the scientific community is allocated."	JASIST	
Historical reasoning in authentic research tasks: Mapping cognitive and document spaces	"To better support the historians' reasoning processes, we investigate history researchers' work tasks as the context of information interaction and examine their cognitive access points into information."	JASIST	
Historical reasoning in authentic research tasks: Mapping cognitive and document spaces	"By studying the information interactions in real task contexts, we facilitate the provision of task‐specific handles into documents that can be used in designing digital research tools for historians."	JASIST	
Automated analysis of actor–topic networks on twitter: New approaches to the analysis of socio‐semantic networks	"We propose a new, automated approach that uses the whole matrix of co‐addressed topics and actors for understanding and visualizing online debates"	JASIST	
Automated analysis of actor–topic networks on twitter: New approaches to the analysis of socio‐semantic networks	"We show the advantages of the new approach with the analysis of two data sets: first, a large set of English‐language Twitter messages at the Rio + 20 meeting, in June 2012 (72,077 tweets), and second, a smaller data set of Dutch‐language Twitter messages on bird flu related to poultry farming in 2015–2017 (2,139 tweets)."	JASIST	
Automated analysis of actor–topic networks on twitter: New approaches to the analysis of socio‐semantic networks	"We discuss the theoretical, methodological, and substantive implications of our approach, also for the analysis of other social media data."	JASIST	
Assessing the quality of information on wikipedia: A deep‐learning approach	"To our knowledge, this study is the first comparative analysis of deep‐learning models to assess Wikipedia article quality."	JASIST	
Assessing the quality of information on wikipedia: A deep‐learning approach	"A comprehensive feature framework is summarized, implemented, and fed into deep‐learning models"	JASIST	
Assessing the quality of information on wikipedia: A deep‐learning approach	A detailed comparison of deep‐learning models is conducted in terms of classification performance and training performance.	JASIST	
Assessing the quality of information on wikipedia: A deep‐learning approach	The influence of different features and feature sets on the proposed models is extensively investigated.	JASIST	
Memory model for web ad effect based on multimodal features	"First, we analyze the correlation between ads and links with different searching results and further assess the influence of relevance on the observer's attention to web ads using eye‐movement features"	JASIST	
Memory model for web ad effect based on multimodal features	hen we investigate the user's behavioral sequence and propose the directional frequent‐browsing pattern algorithm for mining the user's most commonly used browsing patterns.	JASIST	
Memory model for web ad effect based on multimodal features	"Finally, we offer the novel use of “memory” as a new measure of advertising effectiveness and further build an advertising memory model with integrated multimodal features for predicting the efficacy of web ads. A large number of experiments have proved the superiority of our method."	JASIST	
Early detection of heterogeneous disaster events using social media	"First, we evaluate the extent of this problem in the context of disaster management, finding that the performance of traditional learners drops by up to 40% when trained and tested on heterogeneous data vis‐á‐vis homogeneous dat"	JASIST	
Early detection of heterogeneous disaster events using social media	"Then, in order to overcome data heterogeneity, we propose a new ensemble learning method, and found this to perform on a par with the Gradient Boosting and AdaBoost ensemble learners"	JASIST	
Early detection of heterogeneous disaster events using social media	"The methods are studied on a benchmark data set comprising 26 disaster events and four classification problems: detection of relevant messages, informative messages, eyewitness reports, and topical classification of messages"	JASIST	
Early detection of heterogeneous disaster events using social media	"Finally, in a case study, we evaluate the proposed methods on a real‐world data set to assess its practical value"	JASIST	
The Design and Use of Assessment Frameworks in Digital Curation	"This article contributes to closing this gap by establishing an evaluation method built on rigorous approaches from other disciplines. The method can be used by framework developers to examine their models, and by researchers to perform independent evaluations."	JASIST	
A Graph Combination With Edge Pruning‐Based Approach for Author Name Disambiguation	we initially propose a method named ATGEP for AND that addresses the namesake issue. We evaluate the performance of ATGEP using various ambiguous name references collected from the Arnetminer Citation (AC) and Web of Science (WoS) data set.	JASIST	
A Graph Combination With Edge Pruning‐Based Approach for Author Name Disambiguation	We empirically show that the two aforementioned problems are crucial to address the AND problem that are difficult to handle using state‐of‐the‐art techniques.	JASIST	
A Graph Combination With Edge Pruning‐Based Approach for Author Name Disambiguation	"To handle the diverse topic issue, we extend ATGEP to a new variant named ATGEP‐web that considers external web information of the authors. Experiments show that with enough information available from external web sources ATGEP‐web can significantly improve the results further compared with ATGEP."	JASIST	
"Digging into data management in public‐funded, international research in digital humanities"	"First, a Literature Review unpacks data management in the humanities, including DMPs and DMP requirements"	JASIST	
"Digging into data management in public‐funded, international research in digital humanities"	"Second, a Methods section details and justifies the study's qualitative approach."	JASIST	
"Digging into data management in public‐funded, international research in digital humanities"	"Third, Findings scrutinize DMP authorship and awareness, data management continuity and change, DMP usefulness, data management challenges, and data (re)use."	JASIST	
"Digging into data management in public‐funded, international research in digital humanities"	"Fourth, a Discussion section interprets findings vis‐à‐vis relevant literature. Finally, we offer Recommendations and advance further research directions."	JASIST	
Using score distributions to compare statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation	A new method for assessing the reliability of the statistical tests based on the analysis of their power using data derived from simulated IR systems.	JASIST	
Using score distributions to compare statistical significance tests for information retrieval evaluation	"A complete empirical study that categorically concludes that, in typical IR experimentation, the Wilcoxon and sign tests are more powerful than the permutation, bootstrap, or the t‐test."	JASIST	
The ubiquitous digital file: A review of file management research	"We find three typical research motivations in the literature reviewed: understanding how and why users store, organize, retrieve, and share files and folders, understanding factors that determine their behavior, and attempting to improve the user experience through novel interfaces and information services."	JASIST	
The ubiquitous digital file: A review of file management research	"We conclude that file management is a ubiquitous, challenging, and relatively unsupported activity that invites and has received attention from several disciplines and has broad importance for topics across information science."	JASIST	
"Web credibility assessment: Conceptualization, operationalization, variability, and models"	how scholars have conceptualized credibility as a multidimensional concept;	JASIST	
"Web credibility assessment: Conceptualization, operationalization, variability, and models"	"how credibility has been operationalized and measured in empirical studies, especially in the web context;"	JASIST	
"Web credibility assessment: Conceptualization, operationalization, variability, and models"	what are the important user characteristics that contribute to the variability of web credibility assessment;	JASIST	
"Web credibility assessment: Conceptualization, operationalization, variability, and models"	how the process of web credibility assessment has been theorized.	JASIST	
Interrater reliability and convergent validity of F1000Prime peer review	This study is concerned with the interrater reliability and convergent validity of the peer recommendations formulated in the F1000Prime peer review system	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	"In terms of research on digital curation, it focuses on users' definition of trustworthiness at the document level instead of the more common work done on trust at the digital repository level"	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	The study also advances the notion of a designated community by conducting research on a sample of a specific designated community that stakeholders of a digital repository acknowledge is a primary audience.	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	It also contextualizes and extends Flanagin and Metzger's (2008) definition of trustworthiness for a specific user group (genealogists) who utilize certain types of archival documents from a digital repository;	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	the study provides a more specific definition of trustworthiness derived from user experience.	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	"The study examines and tests the principal component of a relatively new but important conceptual framework—Kelton et al.'s Integrated Model of Trust in Information—by interrogating the appropriateness of the model to fit a certain scenario, that of end users with extensive experience using archival documents delivered digitally from a specific trusted repository."	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	"The study calls into question one of the constructs in the model, Trustworthiness, finding that some of its dimensions are relevant, while others are not. This study makes a methodological contribution to the information science community by being the first to apply micro‐interlocutor analysis to focus group data"	JASIST	
User conceptions of trustworthiness for digital archival documents	This study also demonstrates that micro‐interlocutor analysis provides a realistic picture of the strength and character of emergent themes that underpin the more general concept of trustworthiness.	JASIST	
Research data sharing: Developing a stakeholder‐driven model for journal policies	"In the absence of a consolidated infrastructure to share data easily, a model journal data sharing policy was developed by comparing quantitative information from analyzing existing journal data policies with qualitative data collected from stakeholders. This article summarizes and outlines the process by which the model was developed and presents the model journal data sharing policy."	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	We identified seven subject positions: (P1) Hypothetically positive to e‐health services generally	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	"(P2) Positive to reading medical records due to implications,"	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	"(P3) Positive to all Internet use including medical records online,"	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	(P4) Distrustful and wants to be in control of health treatment	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	(P5) Worried about health	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	"(P6) Wants communication with health care professionals,"	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	(P7) Do not understand their medical record.	JASIST	
Patients' perceptions of their medical records from different subject positions	"This article discusses how patients' conceptualizations of their health‐information‐related preferences, motivations, and needs are linked to the perceived role of medical records as an informational artifact"	JASIST	
Modeling user experience with news websites	The main contribution of the current study is the application of influential models of user experience and technology acceptance to the domain of online news.	JASIST	
Modeling user experience with news websites	"By integrating both types of variable in a comprehensive model, the relationships between the types of variable are clarified both theoretically and empirically. Implications of the model for theory, further research, and system design are discussed."	JASIST	
Knowledge‐sharing intention in professional virtual communities: A comparison between posters and lurkers	This study contributes to theory by providing an integrative model for understanding the formation of KSI in PVCs and enabling us to determine whether specific factors influence posters and lurkers equally.	JASIST	
Knowledge‐sharing intention in professional virtual communities: A comparison between posters and lurkers	Practitioners such as community managers can also use the results of this study to predict and understand the KSI of different community members and adjust relevant policies accordingly.	JASIST	
How online social interactions influence customer information contribution behavior in online social shopping communities: A social learning theory perspective	"In this study, we examined how online social interactions affect customer information contribution behavior"	JASIST	
How online social interactions influence customer information contribution behavior in online social shopping communities: A social learning theory perspective	We also explored the moderating role of customer reputation in the relationship between observational learning and reinforcement learning as well as customer information contribution behavior.	JASIST	
How online social interactions influence customer information contribution behavior in online social shopping communities: A social learning theory perspective	This study not only enriched our theoretical understanding of information contribution behavior but also provided guidelines for online social shopping community administrators to better design their community features.	JASIST	
Structuring Tweets for improving Twitter search	"We propose TBBs, which capture a sequence of tokens that encode a variety of communicative intent, and sequence of these TBBs (TBB structures) captures changing discourse."	JASIST	
Structuring Tweets for improving Twitter search	"We show that our structuring of Tweets yields results Twitter retrieval that are very similar to a state‐of‐the‐art system that uses social media features. Especially, we do not need to use those social media features."	JASIST	
Structuring Tweets for improving Twitter search	"We also show that the ranking model with an opinionatedness feature, using our automatic generation of PSTs and POTs based on specific constructed Tweet sets, can achieve comparable performance with a method using manually tagged Tweets. Using this method in a query‐dependent scenario yields further gain."	JASIST	
"Filing, piling, and everything in between: The dynamics of E‐mail inbox management"	"The study describes the dynamics of these inboxes throughout the day and the week as users strive to handle incoming messages, read them, classify them, respond to them in a timely manner, and archive them for future reference, all while carrying out the daily tasks of knowledge workers"	JASIST	
"Filing, piling, and everything in between: The dynamics of E‐mail inbox management"	"We propose that the ICI allows shifting the focus, from classifying users to characterizing a diversity of user behaviors and measuring the relationships between these behaviors and desired outcomes."	JASIST	
A new term‐weighting scheme for text classification using the odds of positive and negative class probabilities	"This article proposes a new term‐weighting scheme that uses class information using positive and negative class distributions. As a result, the proposed scheme, log tf–TRR, consistently performs better than do other schemes using class information as well as traditional schemes such as tf–idf"	JASIST	
Towards the prediction problems of bursting hashtags on Twitter	We provide formal definitions of a bursting hashtag as well as three key states in the life cycle of a bursting hashtag. We define a series of prediction problems that are concerned with these states of bursting hashtags and propose a minute‐level prediction framework	JASIST	
Towards the prediction problems of bursting hashtags on Twitter	"We conduct a systematic study of these prediction tasks by exploring different solutions and different types of features, in particular, novel time‐series features. We present a comprehensive summary of the distribution of bursting hashtags and the performance of minute‐level prediction."	JASIST	
Towards the prediction problems of bursting hashtags on Twitter	Experiments are conducted on real data sets from Twitter to evaluate the performance of the proposed solutions. We also experimentally examine the effectiveness of different features and analyze their contributions to the prediction performance.	JASIST	
Identifying the topology of the K‐pop video community on YouTube: A combined Co‐comment analysis approach	"The main contribution of our approaches is their application of bibliometric methodology, the co‐citation technique, to social media data"	JASIST	
Identifying the topology of the K‐pop video community on YouTube: A combined Co‐comment analysis approach	This application incorporates user commenting behavior into mapping a particular topic on YouTube with three different approaches.	JASIST	
Identifying the topology of the K‐pop video community on YouTube: A combined Co‐comment analysis approach	"Through the use of sentiment analysis, we further identify that different user groups exist between positive and negative commenters and that these groups have different characteristics."	JASIST	
"Smartphone‐based public health information systems: Anonymity, privacy and intervention"	"In this paper we introduce, prototype, and evaluate a new type of public health information system to provide aggregate population health data capture and public health intervention capabilities via utilizing smartphone and sensor capabilities, while fully maintaining the anonymity and privacy of each individual."	JASIST	
"Smartphone‐based public health information systems: Anonymity, privacy and intervention"	"We consider in particular the key aspects of privacy, anonymity, and intervention capabilities of these emerging systems and provide a detailed evaluation of anonymity preservation characteristics."	JASIST	
Empirical evaluation of metadata for video games and interactive media	"The metadata schema was extensively revised based on the evaluation results, and we present the new element definitions from the revised schema in this article. This work will serve as a platform and catalyst for advances in the design and use of video game metadata."	JASIST	
Analysis of biomedical and health queries: Lessons learned from TREC† and CLEF‡ evaluation benchmarks	"The principal contribution of this article is the comparison between laboratory‐evaluation query sets provided within TREC and CLEF benchmarks across different medical tasks, according to a list of query features that characterize medical‐ and health‐related searches, as reported through the literature."	JASIST	
Analysis of biomedical and health queries: Lessons learned from TREC† and CLEF‡ evaluation benchmarks	"To put our contribution in context, we will review here, state‐of‐the‐art studies that specifically focused on the analysis of medical‐ and health‐related, information‐seeking process from the information need side as well as from the user's behavior side."	JASIST	
A lead‐lag analysis of the topic evolution patterns for preprints and publications	This study applied LDA (latent Dirichlet allocation) and regression analysis to conduct a lead‐lag analysis to identify different topic evolution patterns between preprints and papers from arXiv and the Web of Science (WoS) in astrophysics over the last 20 years (1992–2011). Fifty topics in arXiv and WoS were generated using an LDA algorithm and then regression models were used to explain 4 types of topic growth patterns	JASIST	
A lead‐lag analysis of the topic evolution patterns for preprints and publications	"Based on the slopes of the fitted equation curves, the paper redefines the topic trends and popularity."	JASIST	
A lead‐lag analysis of the topic evolution patterns for preprints and publications	This work demonstrates that open access preprints have stronger growth tendency as compared to traditional printed publications.	JASIST	
Topic‐level opinion influence model (TOIM): An investigation using tencent microblogging†	We thus build a topic‐level opinion influence model (TOIM) by integrating both topic factor and opinion influence factor into a unified probabilistic model.	JASIST	
Topic‐level opinion influence model (TOIM): An investigation using tencent microblogging†	"We evaluate our model in one of the largest microblogging sites in China, Tencent Weibo, and the experiments show that TOIM outperforms baseline methods in opinion inference accuracy."	JASIST	
Topic‐level opinion influence model (TOIM): An investigation using tencent microblogging†	"Moreover, incorporating indirect influence further improves inference recall and f1‐measure"	JASIST	
Topic‐level opinion influence model (TOIM): An investigation using tencent microblogging†	"Finally, we demonstrate some useful applications of TOIM in analyzing users' behaviors in Tencent Weibo."	JASIST	
Conferences versus journals in computer science	"The analysis also shows that a small number of elite CS conferences have the highest average paper citation rate of any publication type, although overall, citation rates in conferences are no higher than in journals"	JASIST	
Conferences versus journals in computer science	Two means of evaluating the citations of journals and conferences are explored: h5 and average citations per paper; it was found that h5 has certain biases that make it a difficult measure to use (despite it being the main measure used by Google Scholar).	JASIST	
Conferences versus journals in computer science	It is also shown that the length of a paper is correlated with citation rate.	JASIST	
Coauthorship networks: A directed network approach considering the order and number of coauthors	"We argue that in prior network analyses of coauthorship networks, the information on ordering has been insufficiently considered because ties between authors are typically symmetrized. This is basically the same as assuming that each coauthor has contributed equally to a paper"	JASIST	
Coauthorship networks: A directed network approach considering the order and number of coauthors	"We introduce a solution to this problem by adopting a coauthorship credit allocation model proposed by Kim and Diesner (2014), which in its core conceptualizes coauthoring as a directed, weighted, and self‐looped network."	JASIST	
Coauthorship networks: A directed network approach considering the order and number of coauthors	"As another form of validation, we also show how our approach accurately detects prominent scholars in the Psychometric Society affiliated with the journal."	JASIST	
Threshold effects of the patent H‐index in the relationship between patent citations and market value	It aims to bridge the gap in extant research on this topic. This study demonstrates that the patent h–index has a triple threshold effect on the relationship between patent citations and market value.	JASIST	
Threshold effects of the patent H‐index in the relationship between patent citations and market value	"This study indicates that the first regime (where the patent h–index is less than or equal to 4) is optimal, because this is where the extent of the positive relationship between patent citations and market value is the greatest."	JASIST	
"How well does a university perform in comparison with its peers? The use of odds, and odds ratios, for the comparison of institutional citation impact using the Leiden Rankings"	"This study presents the calculation of odds, and odds ratios, for the comparison of the citation impact of universities in the Leiden Ranking"	JASIST	
"Mining full‐text journal articles to assess obliteration by incorporation: Herbert A. Simon's concepts of bounded rationality and satisficing in economics, management, and psychology"	"This study explores the usefulness of full‐text retrieval in assessing obliteration by incorporation (OBI) by comparing patterns of OBI and citation substitution across economics, management, and psychology for two concept catch phrases—bounded rationality and satisficing."	JASIST	
"Mining full‐text journal articles to assess obliteration by incorporation: Herbert A. Simon's concepts of bounded rationality and satisficing in economics, management, and psychology"	OBI research can benefit from full‐text searching; the main tradeoff is more detailed and nuanced evidence concerning OBI existence and trends versus increased noise in the retrieval.	JASIST	
"The VQR, Italy's second national research assessment: Methodological failures and ranking distortions"	"First, we create a scenario in which we assume the efficient selection of the products to be submitted by the universities and, from this, simulate a set of rankings applying the precise VQR rating criteria."	JASIST	
"The VQR, Italy's second national research assessment: Methodological failures and ranking distortions"	"Next, we compare these “VQR rankings” with those that would derive from the application of more‐appropriate bibliometrics."	JASIST	
"The VQR, Italy's second national research assessment: Methodological failures and ranking distortions"	"Finally, we extend the comparison to university rankings based on the entire scientific production for the period, as indexed in the Web of Science."	JASIST	
Growth rates of modern science: A bibliometric analysis based on the number of publications and cited references	"In this study, we reexamine the question of the growth of science. To do this we (a) use current data up to publication year 2012 and"	JASIST	
Growth rates of modern science: A bibliometric analysis based on the number of publications and cited references	(b) analyze the data across all disciplines and also separately for the natural sciences and for the medical and health sciences	JASIST	
Improving relevance feedback‐based query expansion by the use of a weighted word pairs approach	"In this article, the use of a new term extraction method for query expansion (QE) in text retrieval is investigated"	JASIST	
Evaluating a search interface for visually impaired searchers	our main contribution in this article is the evaluation of the proposed search interface.	JASIST	
Evaluating a search interface for visually impaired searchers	"We study how visually impaired users interact with the proposed interface, focussing particularly on searchers' interactions with a sound‐based spelling support mechanism and an interface component to manage the search process and the information found"	JASIST	
The end game in Kuhlthau's ISP Model: Knowledge construction for grade 8 students researching an inquiry‐based history project	This article reports on a field study of the information behavior of Grade 8 students researching an inquiry‐based class history project	JASIST	
The end game in Kuhlthau's ISP Model: Knowledge construction for grade 8 students researching an inquiry‐based history project	"Study findings tentatively indicate that knowledge construction results from an iterative process between the student and information, which can be divided into 3 phases. In the first phase, the students formulate questions from their previous knowledge to start knowledge construction"	JASIST	
The end game in Kuhlthau's ISP Model: Knowledge construction for grade 8 students researching an inquiry‐based history project	"in the second phase, newly found topic information causes students to ask questions"	JASIST	
The end game in Kuhlthau's ISP Model: Knowledge construction for grade 8 students researching an inquiry‐based history project	"and in the third phase, the students answer the questions asked by this newly found topic information"	JASIST	
Learning from Elitist Jerks: Creating high‐quality knowledge resources from ongoing conversations	"We present a content analysis of moderator comments regarding censored messages. Our analysis revealed differences in types of contributor mistakes and the severity of moderator actions: infractions that interfered with both conversation and resource quality were punished harshly, whereas a set of infractions that supported conversation but undermined resource quality were more respectfully removed. We describe a set of conditions under which moderators should intervene in the conversion of conversation to knowledge resource rather than the conversion of lurkers to contributors."	JASIST	
Imitating CoPs: Imposing formality on informality	The aim of this article is to explore the claim that communities of practice (CoPs) can be designed and managed	JASIST	
Imitating CoPs: Imposing formality on informality	"In this article, the nature of CoPs is addressed by focusing on aspects of formality and informality in relationships and learning; CoPs are described as emergent and designed practices. Furthermore, it is questioned whether a designed CoP may realize the essential characteristics attributed to an emergent CoP."	JASIST	
Understanding tourists' collaborative information retrieval behavior to inform design	"This study examines tourists' collaborative information search behavior in detail, including their search stages, online search strategies, and information flow breakdowns. The data for analysis included pre‐ and postsearch questionnaires, web search and chat logs, and postsearch interviews"	JASIST	
Understanding tourists' collaborative information retrieval behavior to inform design	"A model of tourist collaborative information retrieval was developed. The model identified collaborative planning, collaborative information searching, sharing of information, and collaborative decision making as four stages of tourists' collaborative search."	JASIST	
A visual XML dataspace approach for satisfying ad hoc information needs	"our idea in this paper is to develop an application‐independent extensible markup language (XML) dataspace system with versatile facilities. Unlike the other proposed dataspace systems, we show that it is possible to build an interface based on conventional visual tools in terms of which the user can satisfy his or her sophisticated information needs."	JASIST	
Testing for the fairness and predictive validity of research funding decisions: A multilevel multiple imputation for missing data approach using ex‐ante and ex‐post peer evaluation data from the Austrian science fund	"The novelty of this contribution is, first, the combining of theoretical concepts of validity and fairness with a missing data imputation approach to correct for verification bias and,"	JASIST	
Testing for the fairness and predictive validity of research funding decisions: A multilevel multiple imputation for missing data approach using ex‐ante and ex‐post peer evaluation data from the Austrian science fund	"second, multilevel modeling to test peer review‐based funding decisions for both validity and fairness in terms of potential and real biases."	JASIST	
Imperfect referees: Reducing the impact of multiple biases in peer review	"First, the perceived authority biases, recency effect, and anchoring effect in the paper reviewing procedure are verified."	JASIST	
Imperfect referees: Reducing the impact of multiple biases in peer review	"Second, while most previous studies focus on single‐bias, we investigate multiple‐bias simultaneously by deepening the understanding of interrelated multiple biases in peer review"	JASIST	
Imperfect referees: Reducing the impact of multiple biases in peer review	"Third, our research work has conceptual significance owing to the typology classifying the factors leading to bias in peer review into two categories: static profiles and dynamic behavioral context. It also entails a quantitative approach to measuring bias in peer review."	JASIST	
"Research dynamics, impact, and dissemination: A topic‐level analysis"	The aim of this article is to highlight topics as a valuable unit of analysis. A set of topic‐based approaches is applied to a data set on library and information science publications	JASIST	
"Research dynamics, impact, and dissemination: A topic‐level analysis"	The article also identifies a nonsignificant relationship between topic popularity and impact and argues for the need to use both variables in describing topic characteristics.	JASIST	
"Research dynamics, impact, and dissemination: A topic‐level analysis"	"Additionally, a flow map illustrates critical topic‐level knowledge dissemination channels."	JASIST	
A variant of the h‐index to measure recent performance	"Here, I investigate a variant that considers only recent publications and is therefore more useful in academic hiring processes and for the allocation of research resources. It is simply defined in analogy to the usual h‐index, but takes into account only publications from recent years, and it can easily be determined from the ISI Web of Knowledge."	JASIST	
“A few exciting words”: Information and entropy revisited	"A review is presented of the relation between information and entropy, focusing on two main issues: the similarity of the formal definitions of physical entropy, according to statistical mechanics, and of information, according to information theory; and the possible subjectivity of entropy considered as missing information"	JASIST	
“A few exciting words”: Information and entropy revisited	The paper updates the 1983 analysis of Shaw and Davis.	JASIST	
Multidimensional assessment of scholarly research impact	"This article introduces the Multidimensional Research Assessment Matrix of scientific output. Its base notion holds that the choice of metrics to be applied in a research assessment process depends on the unit of assessment, the research dimension to be assessed, and the purposes and policy context of the assessment"	JASIST	
Multidimensional assessment of scholarly research impact	"This paper gives a systematic account of the potential usefulness and limitations of a set of 10 important metrics, including altmetrics, applied at the level of individual articles, individual researchers, research groups, and institutions. It presents a typology of research impact dimensions and indicates which metrics are the most appropriate to measure each dimension"	JASIST	
Multidimensional assessment of scholarly research impact	"It introduces the concept of a “meta‐analysis” of the units under assessment in which metrics are not used as tools to evaluate individual units, but to reach policy inferences regarding the objectives and general setup of an assessment process."	JASIST	
Do “altmetrics” correlate with citations? Extensive comparison of altmetric indicators with citations from a multidisciplinary perspective	"An extensive analysis of the presence of different altmetric indicators provided by Altmetric.com across scientific fields is presented, particularly focusing on their relationship with citations"	JASIST	
Do “altmetrics” correlate with citations? Extensive comparison of altmetric indicators with citations from a multidisciplinary perspective	"The value of altmetrics as a complementary tool of citation analysis is highlighted, although more research is suggested to disentangle the potential meaning and value of altmetric indicators for research evaluation."	JASIST	
Bias and effort in peer review	"we develop a theory of the relationship between the reviewer's effort and bias in peer review. From this theory, it follows that journal editors might employ biased reviewers because they shirk less"	JASIST	
A study of social interaction during mobile information seeking	"First, researchers can use our findings as a foundation for investigating the social nature of human and social decision making (Chen, Aztiria, Allouch, & Aghajan, 2011). The social interaction patterns and the activation of triggers can be used to evaluate changes in human behavior during collaborative decision making"	JASIST	
A study of social interaction during mobile information seeking	"Second, the findings can also be used as a basis for researching people's social needs in information seeking when they are in different environments, such as work and education, (Chen et al., 2011; Rilling & Sanfey, 2011)."	JASIST	
A study of social interaction during mobile information seeking	"Third, the social influence of the intra‐ and intergroup and the activation of triggers during the information‐seeking process can be used to help solution providers when they design mobile services. They can incorporate features for users to communicate with different people depending on context (e.g., time and location) and type of task to achieve their objectives"	JASIST	
"Motivations for sharing information and social support in social media: A comparative analysis of Facebook, Twitter, Delicious, YouTube, and Flickr"	"This study explored people's motivations, focusing on their intentions when sharing information and providing social support. It turns out that social media users could have various motivations for contributing to different types of social media that serves different information resources and purposes"	JASIST	
Understanding information history from a genre‐theoretical perspective	"In this article we argue for how a genre‐theoretical approach to information history can contribute to our understanding of what has historically been conceived of as information, what sort of networks and activities triggered the production and use of information, and what forms information was presented and communicated in. Through 2 case studies we show how information and the genres used for communicating that information was perceived and used by the relevant agents involved with the genres. Based on the case studies, we conclude by discussing how the fields of information history and rhetorical genre theory can inform each other."	JASIST	
"Quality of health information for consumers on the web: A systematic review of indicators, criteria, tools, and evaluation results"	"Consistent with prior reviews (Eysenbach et al., 2002; Kim et al., 1999), this review revealed that quality was defined differently and measured using different combinations of criteria in different studies. Nevertheless, it also makes several contributions to the understanding of quality and its evaluation."	JASIST	
"Quality of health information for consumers on the web: A systematic review of indicators, criteria, tools, and evaluation results"	"First, a new level of clarity was brought to the concept of quality. Unlike prior studies, we used decision‐making theories as a lens to differentiate indicators and criteria. Criteria were defined as high‐level abstract rules, and indicators as observable attributes of content or technological platforms. This differentiation enables a two‐layered view of quality. The first layer has to do with the content of information on a site and consists of two levels: substance and formality. At the substance level, quality is defined in relation to the accuracy and completeness of the content and is measured against medical textbooks or guidelines. At the formality level, quality is defined in relation to currency, credibility (authoritativeness and trustworthiness), and readability, and is measured by indicators that can be directly observed (e.g., author, copyright, and references). The second layer of quality has to do with the design of a site and consists of two aspects: the technical aspect, including accessibility, aesthetics, navigability, interactivity, and the social aspect, including privacy policy and social and cultural appropriateness."	JASIST	
"Quality of health information for consumers on the web: A systematic review of indicators, criteria, tools, and evaluation results"	"Second, a comprehensive view of quality indicators was provided. This view suggests potential challenges associated with identifying and locating appropriate indicators in evaluation. An example is that four types of dates were used in the selected articles to evaluate currency: the publication date, the time of the last update, the copyright date, and the date for the next update."	JASIST	
"Quality of health information for consumers on the web: A systematic review of indicators, criteria, tools, and evaluation results"	"Third, this review revealed a wide use of design‐related indicators and criteria in evaluation. Compared to earlier studies, which reported that the design‐related criteria mainly used were site layout and navigation (Eysenbach et al., 2002), this review revealed that many studies evaluated design in relation to sites' interactivity (e.g., the enabling of information exchanges among users, social media expansion, the presence of internal search engines, and multimedia) and privacy protection (the presence of a policy on the collection and use of personal data). The attention to interactivity may be attributable to the fast development of eHealth research, an emerging area concerning the design and application of interactive technologies to promote health behavior and management (Hesse & Shneiderman, 2007), and the attention to privacy may be attributable to an increasing concern about data security and patients' privacy (Williams, 2010). Another design‐related criterion, social and cultural sensitivity, was also found to be evaluated in three studies (Nasser, Mullan, & Bajorek, 2012; Stinson et al., 2011; Wallace, Turner, Ballard, Keenum, & Weiss, 2005). Although all three studies concluded that sites often failed to cater to users' cultural backgrounds, the use of this criterion, nonetheless, indicates an increased recognition among researchers that health information systems are social‐technical systems; high‐quality systems should not only be accessible and usable, but also attend to users' cultural differences. This recognition is particularly valuable as more countries, communities, and organizations around the world are becoming more ethnically diverse (Nasser et al., 2012)."	JASIST	
The interacting effects of distributed work arrangements and individual dispositions on willingness to engage in sensemaking behaviors	"Our results show that the consequences of individual tendencies can vary under different work arrangements, suggesting that managers seeking to facilitate sensemaking activities must make careful choices about the composition of distributed work groups, as well as how collaboration technologies can be used to encourage sensemaking behaviors."	JASIST	
Mobile technologies and the spatiotemporal configurations of institutional practice	"We argue that the notion of “location” as it manifests itself in location‐based systems is being produced as an object of exchange. Here we are specifically concerned with what happens to institutional roles, power relationships, and decision‐making processes when a particular type of information—that of spatiotemporal location of people—is made into a technologically tradable object through the use of location‐based systems. We examine the introduction of GPS (Global Positioning Systems) technologies by the California criminal justice system and the institution of parole for monitoring the movements of parolees, with consequences both for the everyday lives of these parolees and the work practices of their parole officers"	JASIST	
Mobile technologies and the spatiotemporal configurations of institutional practice	We document the ways in which broad adoption of location‐based and mobile technologies has the capacity to radically reconfigure the spatiotemporal arrangement of institutional processes.	JASIST	
Effects of domain on measures of semantic relatedness	"The main contribution of this article is demonstrating the hypothesis described—that unlike existing measures that do not explicitly take into account the domains to which the concepts belong, human judges perceive the relatedness between pairs of concepts from different domains significantly lower than those from within the same domains. Of course, one would expect concepts taken from different domains to be generally less related than those from the same domain. However, we demonstrate that even concepts that are semantically similarly related by the automated metrics are viewed as less related by human judges when they come from different domains."	JASIST	
Effects of domain on measures of semantic relatedness	We describe an experiment using a data set containing 322 pairs of concepts undertaken with the help of 239 crowd‐sourced human judges. This data set is constructed to contain terms that represent concepts associated with various domains. We validate the domain associations of the concepts using human judges. We then describe the process of constructing the data set and the experimental setup.	JASIST	
Effects of domain on measures of semantic relatedness	"rowd‐sourced human judgments are collected for randomly selected pairs of these concepts. We show that for clusters of concept pairs scored near‐identically by automated metrics, the human judges rate the concept pairs from the same domain significantly more highly related than they do the concept pairs for which the concepts are taken from different domains. Note that the human judges were not explicitly made aware of any domain associations of each concept. We later discuss the results of our experimentations in detail. We validate the influence of domain via a different approach: we automatically learn metrics using a range of features and demonstrate that including Domain as a feature significantly improves correlation with human judgments. Overall, the results show that human perceptions of similarity and relatedness are indeed influenced by whether the concepts being compared are from the same domain or from different domains. In other words, humans perceive the strength of association between words from the same domain to be stronger than that from different domains, even without being told that different domains are involved."	JASIST	
Testing theories of preferential attachment in random networks of citations	"In this article we examine 2 classic stochastic models of the accumulation of citations introduced by H.A. Simon and Derek John de Solla Price. These models each have 2 distinct aspects: growth, which is the introduction of new articles, and preferential attachment, which describes how established articles accumulate new citations."	JASIST	
Testing theories of preferential attachment in random networks of citations	We show how to overcome the mathematical and computational complexity to obtain results.	JASIST	
Data journals: A survey	"In this study of more than 100 currently existing data journals, we describe the approaches they promote for data set description, availability, citation, quality, and open access. We close by identifying ways to expand and strengthen the data journals approach as a means to promote data set access and exploitation."	JASIST	
Evaluating the retrieval effectiveness of web search engines using a representative query sample	"We found that although Google outperforms Bing in both query types, the difference in the performance for informational queries was rather low. However, for navigational queries, Google found the correct answer in 95.3% of cases, whereas Bing only found the correct answer 76.6% of the time. We conclude that search engine performance on navigational queries is of great importance, because users in this case can clearly identify queries that have returned correct results. So, performance on this query type may contribute to explaining user satisfaction with search engines."	JASIST	
An automatic approach to weighted subject indexing—an empirical study in the biomedical domain	"By uncovering the connections between MeSH descriptors and document text, we are able to derive the weights of MeSH descriptors manually assigned to documents. Our initial results suggest that the inference method is feasible and promising."	JASIST	
The impact of image descriptions on user tagging behavior: A study of the nature and functionality of crowdsourced tags	"In this context, our paper seeks to extend the body of research in two directions. First, we are interested to explore the impact of a different element of the tagging interface—image description—in an unexplored context of image tagging. A combination of nontextual primary content and secondary textual content makes image tagging considerably different from the explored cases. Existing empirical data and tag production models offer conflicting predictions. Imitation models focused on single‐user behavior predict that words from descriptions will complement the terms produced by observing images making the resulting tags more diverse. Global tag production models, however, predict a decrease in tagging diversity as a result of exposing all taggers to the same secondary textual content. A detailed analysis of differences between tags produced with and without descriptions expands our understanding of tagging process and might lead to better models."	JASIST	
The impact of image descriptions on user tagging behavior: A study of the nature and functionality of crowdsourced tags	"Another contribution of this work is to extend the usual analytical approach to tag analysis with an empirical one. In the study presented below we explore both which aspects of produced tags are impacted by image descriptions and how these changes affect the functionality of tags, that is, their ability to support search."	JASIST	
On the usefulness of lexical and syntactic processing in polarity classification of Twitter messages	"The main contribution of the paper relies on testing how relating lexical, syntactic, psychological, and semantic information affects polarity classification on tweets. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first article to evaluate the effectiveness of using these features, both in isolation and in combination, on a corpus of Twitter messages."	JASIST	
On the usefulness of lexical and syntactic processing in polarity classification of Twitter messages	"With respect to syntactic features, we rely on a more relaxed variant of the generalized dependency triplets proposed by Joshi and Penstein‐Rosé (2009) to identify opinionated sentences. We adapt the method to perform polarity classification on tweets, enriching their angle by considering various levels of generalization, ranging to part‐of‐speech to psychological and semantic abstraction. The utility of syntax on sentiment analysis is a widely discussed issue, but it has often been focused on long and specific domain reviews. To the best of our knowledge, this is also the first article that studies the effect of dependency parsing on Spanish tweets. Empirical results suggest that non‐syntactic approaches obtain a better performance when the training set is small, but as the size of the training corpus grows, the incorporation of generalized dependency triplets helps to improve accuracy over the purely lexical perspectives."	JASIST	
"Developing a bottom‐up, user‐based method of web register classification"	"One issue discussed in the previous literature is that not all register categories are equally meaningful to end users, and we encountered similar problems in our early rounds of pilot testing. To address this issue, we adopted a hierarchical approach, asking users to identify key situational characteristics of documents, rather than directly identifying specific registers and subregisters. This information was incorporated into our decision‐tree survey, which guided raters to a final page with a short list of subregister options. The results show that users are able to reliably agree on register and subregister categories for the majority of documents. However, not all of these categories are equally well defined and, as a result, there was much less agreement regarding some register categories."	JASIST	
"Developing a bottom‐up, user‐based method of web register classification"	"This method also made it possible to address the multifaceted nature of web registers, another major issue identified by previous researchers. We identified several distinct situational parameters (or facets) that combine to capture the definition of a register category. Rather than asking users to assign a register label to a text by simultaneously accounting for the multiple parameters we had identified, we requested this information one parameter at a time, in a hierarchical fashion. This ultimately made it possible for the users to classify texts into complex, multifaceted categories by making a series of relatively simple decisions about the characteristics of the texts."	JASIST	
"Developing a bottom‐up, user‐based method of web register classification"	"Previous researchers have also struggled to achieve the most appropriate level of register abstraction or specificity. The hierarchical nature of our register framework addresses this challenge by incorporating more than just one level of abstraction, in a hierarchical fashion. Additionally, by incorporating this same hierarchical structure into our decision‐tree survey, we gain information from users about the situational characteristics of texts that allows us to classify texts and measure classification reliability characteristics of texts on several different levels."	JASIST	
"Developing a bottom‐up, user‐based method of web register classification"	"Finally, two related challenges—fuzziness in taxonomies and hybrid texts—have been identified in previous research as issues that contribute to low user agreement. While some previous research has collected classification results from multiple users per text, the studies in question have not capitalized on these data in order to identify hybrid categories. The large number of documents classified in this study, each coded by four different raters, made it possible for us to use a bottom‐up approach to identify hybrid categories. The systematic nature of these hybrid categories clearly supports the existence of hybrid texts on the Internet."	JASIST	
Who reads research articles? An altmetrics analysis of Mendeley user categories	"Using data about people who register in Mendeley as readers of articles, this article explores different types of users of Clinical Medicine, Engineering and Technology, Social Science, Physics, and Chemistry articles inside and outside academia"	JASIST	
Who reads research articles? An altmetrics analysis of Mendeley user categories	"At the same time, Mendeley statistics can also reveal the hidden impact of some research articles, such as educational value for nonauthor users inside academia or the impact of research articles on practice for readers outside academia."	JASIST	
Why does attention to web articles fall with Time?	"We analyze access statistics of 150 blog entries and news articles for periods of up to 3 years. Access rate falls as an inverse power of time passed since publication. The power law holds for periods of up to 1,000 days. The exponents are different for different blogs and are distributed between 0.6 and 3.2."	JASIST	
Why does attention to web articles fall with Time?	"We argue that the decay of attention to a web article is caused by the link to it first dropping down the list of links on the website's front page and then disappearing from the front page and its subsequent movement further into background. The other proposed explanations that use a decaying with time novelty factor, or some intricate theory of human dynamics, cannot explain all of the experimental observations."	JASIST	
The value and complexity of collection arrangement for evidentiary work	"work provides several major contributions to the field, including: a new system that allows archival collections to be arranged digitally"	JASIST	
The value and complexity of collection arrangement for evidentiary work	"new methods and metrics for evaluating archival arrangements,"	JASIST	
The value and complexity of collection arrangement for evidentiary work	a detailed analysis of the steps involved in archival arrangement and how they correlate with the final outcomes of the process	JASIST	
The value and complexity of collection arrangement for evidentiary work	and a method for analyzing arrangements based on the topologies created by processing archivists.	JASIST	
Facebook apps and tagging: The trade‐off between personal privacy and engaging with friends	"First, we create an integrative model that includes both tagging and app engagement with friends. Previous research tends to separate tagging and app behavior into two separate streams of research, which prevents any kind of comparative analysis"	JASIST	
Facebook apps and tagging: The trade‐off between personal privacy and engaging with friends	"Second, our model examines tagging and app engagement with friends in relation to privacy and Facebook use. Past research focused solely on the privacy implications of tagging and apps, not on the potential relationship with overall Facebook usage."	JASIST	
Facebook apps and tagging: The trade‐off between personal privacy and engaging with friends	"Third, by focusing on tagging and app engagement with friends, we extend privacy research beyond the individual level to incorporate the interactional aspects of privacy related to co‐owned information shared between friends"	JASIST	
Facebook apps and tagging: The trade‐off between personal privacy and engaging with friends	"Fourth, we examine all of these relationships in depth, within one cohesive model in order to facilitate a better understanding of the trade‐offs that exists between personal privacy and engaging with friends on Facebook."	JASIST	
Facebook apps and tagging: The trade‐off between personal privacy and engaging with friends	"Finally, we include a post‐hoc analysis that delves into Facebook users' mental models of tagging and app privacy, as well as examining self‐reported privacy behaviors related to tagging and apps. In the next section, we will discuss our research framework and introduce our hypotheses."	JASIST	
Capturing Collabportunities: A method to evaluate collaboration opportunities in information search using pseudocollaboration	We have proposed a method to perform this evaluation with the assumption that underlying IR systems are capable of accessing data about past search sessions.	JASIST	
Capturing Collabportunities: A method to evaluate collaboration opportunities in information search using pseudocollaboration	"We evaluated our method with an experimental design for three different data sets, which included data from laboratory studies and also logs from a large‐scale search engine. We relied on two performance measures, namely: effectiveness and efficiency. Results derived from this study were consistent in demonstrating the potential of a given collabportunity to enhance individual performance."	JASIST	
Capturing Collabportunities: A method to evaluate collaboration opportunities in information search using pseudocollaboration	"We have evaluated our method in the context of a particular exploratory search task and topic, namely, the Deepwater Horizon oil spill"	JASIST	
Capturing Collabportunities: A method to evaluate collaboration opportunities in information search using pseudocollaboration	"Finally, we note that, although the experiments reported here were conducted using laboratory study data sets and web search logs, the approach itself is independent of such data. One could take the algorithm we presented and run similar analyses on a different data set to achieve similar effects. This paves the way for research and development on performing selective collaboration and bridging system‐mediated and user‐mediated collaborative search"	JASIST	
Joint model for subsentence‐level sentiment analysis with Markov logic	"First, we divide the task into 2 separate stages (subjectivity classification and polarity classification)."	JASIST	
Joint model for subsentence‐level sentiment analysis with Markov logic	"Then, the 2 separate stages are processed, respectively, with different feature sets, which are implemented by local formulas in Markov logic"	JASIST	
Joint model for subsentence‐level sentiment analysis with Markov logic	"Finally, global formulas in Markov logic are adopted to realize the interactions of the 2 separate stages"	JASIST	
Is there a clubbing effect underlying Chinese research citation Increases?	"This study contributes to further understanding of China's rising research paper citations. As discussed earlier, there are several perspectives on the causes of China's rapid growth in citations."	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Our work advances the existing body of knowledge in several ways. First, MATH is most comprehensive in its identification of household‐specific beliefs and it outperformed the remaining technology adoption and acceptance models"	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Second, and related to our first contribution, our findings showed that a context‐specific model specifically tailored for explaining household technology adoption outperformed the general models in terms of explaining variance in the outcome of interest."	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Third, because of our longitudinal research design, we observed interesting results related to the stability of the models tested."	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Fourth, our work also emphasizes that the factors leading to adoption of technology and the factors leading to use of technology at the household level are not fully overlapping."	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Fifth, although this research focuses on household technologies, our findings have relevance to organizational‐level adoption and management of IT. We propose that an organization faces many of the same issues faced by a household"	JASIST	
Technology adoption decisions in the household: A seven‐model comparison	"Thus, we propose that the factors presented here that do not map directly onto existing workplace technology acceptance models, possibly represent the difference between the factors considered by individuals and those considered by organizations."	JASIST	
"Big data, bigger dilemmas: A critical review"	A close examination of these contributions reveals a set of common problematics that arise in various guises and in different places. It also demonstrates the need for a critical synthesis of the conceptual and practical dilemmas surrounding Big Data	JASIST	
"Big data, bigger dilemmas: A critical review"	"The purpose of this article is to provide such a synthesis by drawing on relevant writings in the sciences, humanities, policy, and trade literature. In bringing these diverse literatures together, we aim to shed light on the common underlying issues that concern and affect all of these areas"	JASIST	
"Big data, bigger dilemmas: A critical review"	"By contextualizing the phenomenon of Big Data within larger socioeconomic developments, we also seek to provide a broader understanding of its drivers, barriers, and challenges. This approach allows us to identify attributes of Big Data that require more attention—autonomy, opacity, generativity, disparity, and futurity—leading to questions and ideas for moving beyond dilemmas."	JASIST	
How everyday language can and will boost effective information retrieval	"We present an information retrieval (IR) algorithm specifically designed to accept everyday language. It integrates two paradigms of information retrieval, previously studied in isolation; one directed mainly at the surface structure of language, the other primarily at the underlying meaning."	JASIST	
How everyday language can and will boost effective information retrieval	"A rigorous evaluation of the approach showed, first, that it can compete with the quality of existing language models,"	JASIST	
How everyday language can and will boost effective information retrieval	"second, that it is more effective the more verbose the input,"	JASIST	
How everyday language can and will boost effective information retrieval	"third, as a consequence, that it is promising for an imminent transition from keyword input, where the onus is on the user to formulate concise queries, to a modality where users can express more freely, more informal, and more natural their need for information in everyday language."	JASIST	
Classical databases and knowledge organization: A case for boolean retrieval and human decision‐making during searches	"This paper considers classical bibliographic databases based on the Boolean retrieval model (such as MEDLINE and PsycInfo). This model is challenged by modern search engines and information retrieval (IR) researchers, who often consider Boolean retrieval a less efficient approach."	JASIST	
Classical databases and knowledge organization: A case for boolean retrieval and human decision‐making during searches	"The paper examines this claim and argues for the continued value of Boolean systems, and suggests two further considerations: (a) the important role of human expertise in searching (expert searchers and “information literate” users) and"	JASIST	
Classical databases and knowledge organization: A case for boolean retrieval and human decision‐making during searches	(b) the role of library and information science and knowledge organization (KO) in the design and use of classical databases.	JASIST	
Understanding “influence:” an exploratory study of academics' processes of knowledge construction through iterative and interactive information seeking	"We report the processes of academics at different levels of seniority when completing exploratory search tasks that involved identifying influential members of their academic community and “rising stars,” and similarly for an unfamiliar academic community."	JASIST	
Understanding “influence:” an exploratory study of academics' processes of knowledge construction through iterative and interactive information seeking	"The study shows that both external and internal knowledge resources are essential to define a starting point or frame, make and support decisions, and experience satisfaction. Ill‐defined or non‐existent initial frames may cause unsubstantial or arbitrary decisions, and feelings of uncertainty and lack of confidence."	JASIST	
Contextualizing the information‐seeking behavior of software engineers	"Results are formalized in the contextual model of source selection, the main contributions of which are the identification of two types of conditioning variables (requirements and constraints) that mediate between the contextual factors and source‐selection decisions, and the articulation of dominant source‐selection patterns."	JASIST	
Contextualizing the information‐seeking behavior of software engineers	"The fact that familiar contextual factors emerged from this study lends credence to these findings and serves as an indication that this search environment is representative rather than atypical. However, the identification of these factors is not the main contribution of this work. More interesting are the findings with respect to the effect of these factors on source selection, summarized in the CMoSS. The model makes several contributions; one is the delineation of multiple dimensions of information accessibility in an enterprise context. This builds upon earlier work that has identified different aspects of accessibility in the engineering domain (Fidel & Green, 2004) by identifying ways in which accessibility is shaped by contextual factors. These constraints—time, awareness, permission, findability, and so on—seem to be relatively generic, and are likely to exist in many workplace information environments."	JASIST	
Contextualizing the information‐seeking behavior of software engineers	A second contribution is the identification of a set of context‐dependent document characteristics	JASIST	
Contextualizing the information‐seeking behavior of software engineers	"Finally, the context‐dependent source‐selection strategies identified here indicate that information behavior in this domain is complex and strategic, rather than fundamentally driven by the principle of least effort, which has been cited as a major factor shaping the information behavior of engineers (King et al., 1994)."	JASIST	
Contextualizing the information‐seeking behavior of software engineers	"One of the main contributions of developing search systems sensitive to contextual factors would be to reduce dependence on this type of expert tacit knowledge, which is acquired over time and through experience. These findings can extend existing models of IS to take contextual factors into greater account."	JASIST	
Patient portal preferences: Perspectives on imaging information	"In this work, we conducted a survey of 41 lung cancer patients at an outpatient lung cancer clinic at the medical center of the University of California, Los Angeles, to gain insight into these perceived information needs and opinions on the design of a portal to fulfill them"	JASIST	
Patient portal preferences: Perspectives on imaging information	"We found that patients requested access to information related to diagnosis and imaging, with more than half of the patients reporting that they did not anticipate an increase in anxiety due to access to medical record information via a portal"	JASIST	
Patient portal preferences: Perspectives on imaging information	We also found that patient educational background did not lead to a significant difference in desires for explanations of reports and definitions of terms.	JASIST	
Modeling and analyzing the topicality of art images	"The original contribution of our work is the topical structure analysis of image tags that allows the viewer to more easily grasp the content, context, and meaning of an image and quickly tune into aspects of interest; it could also guide both the indexer and the searcher to specify image tags/descriptors in a more systematic and precise manner and thus improve the match between the two parties"	JASIST	
Modeling and analyzing the topicality of art images	An additional contribution is systematically examining and integrating the variety of image‐text relationships from a relevance perspective. The paper concludes with implications for relational indexing and social tagging.	JASIST	
Text clustering: An application with the State of the Union addresses	This paper describes a clustering and authorship attribution study over the State of the Union addresses from 1790 to 2014 (224 speeches delivered by 41 presidents).	JASIST	
Text clustering: An application with the State of the Union addresses	"Applying an automatic classification based on the frequencies of all content‐bearing word‐types we show that chronology tends to play a central role in forming clusters, a factor that is more important than political affiliation. Using the 300 most frequent word‐types, we generate another clustering representation based on the style of each president. This second view shares similarities with the first one, but usually with more numerous and smaller clusters. Finally, an authorship attribution approach for each speech can reach a success rate of around 95.7% under some constraints. When an incorrect assignment is detected, the proposed author often belongs to the same party and has lived during roughly the same time period as the presumed author. A deeper analysis of some incorrect assignments reveals interesting reasons justifying difficult attributions."	JASIST	
Overcoming bias to learn about controversial topics	"In this article, we study various factors that enable humans to acquire additional information about controversial claims in an unbiased fashion. Specifically, we designed a user study to understand how presenting evidence with contrasting viewpoints and source expertise ratings affect how users learn from the evidence documents."	JASIST	
Overcoming bias to learn about controversial topics	"We find that users do not seek contrasting viewpoints by themselves, but explicitly presenting contrasting evidence helps them get a well‐rounded understanding of the topic"	JASIST	
Overcoming bias to learn about controversial topics	"Furthermore, explicit knowledge of the credibility of the sources and the context in which the source provides the evidence document not only affects what users read but also whether they perceive the document to be credible."	JASIST	
Effects of anchoring process under preference stabilities for interactive movie recommendations	"First, we apply the sequential combinations of collaborative filtering technique to the proposed AHF. We aim to decrease the cold‐start and sparse rating problems by aggregating the ratings into the genre level instead of the item level. A genre‐based preference modeling, that is, a content‐based approach, with the anchoring process is employed in the front‐end system to build the user's genre‐based profile. Then, a prediction model, that is, genre‐based fuzzy inference filtering (G‐Fuzzy), is employed in the back‐end system to make recommendations. The G‐Fuzzy approach is proposed in our previous work, which has proved the approach can reduce the computation time without reducing the precision of the recommendations compared to content‐based and collaborative‐based filtering approaches (Wu & Hwang, 2013). In this work, we extended the idea in a real movie recommendation circumstance by applying the proposed AHF approach to infer an appropriate starting point for identifying the user's movie preferences for specific genres via a few rounds of iteration. We believe the proposed AHF approach is suitable for interactive recommendations."	JASIST	
Effects of anchoring process under preference stabilities for interactive movie recommendations	"Second, we aim to infer the user's preference for movie genres via a series of interactive anchoring processes. Theoretically, we used the AHP (Saaty, 1977) to filter out undesirable movie genres and then identify the user's movie preferences for specific genres. This method is an effective and practical approach that considers complex and unstructured decisions. AHP is considered as an effective approach for calculating the appropriate weights for specific items and ranking them by assessing the relative importance of items (Benaïm, Perennou, Pelissier, & Daures, 2010; Danner et al., 2011; Ishizaka, Balkenborg, & Kaplan, 2011). Ishizaka et al. (2011) have been conducting an experiment to reveal how well AHP fares as a choice support system in a real decision problem in the laboratory. That is, the subjects ranking on items will be identical with the AHP ranking. Furthermore, the AHP approach was considered as an effective approach for preference elicitation in health technology assessment and then decision making (Benaïm et al., 2010; Danner et al., 2011). It can also reduce the cognitive burden via pairwise comparisons when the items are few. Thus, we believe the AHP method is suitable to rank the user's preference for movie genres. This is also one of the novel contributions of this work."	JASIST	
Effects of anchoring process under preference stabilities for interactive movie recommendations	"Third, we take the benefits provided by the well‐structured technique in Multiple‐Criteria Decision Method (MCDM) to infer the user's genre preferences by filtering out undesirable movie genres via a series of pairwise comparison processes and then identify the user's movie preferences for specific genres. Note that the contrast effect of the anchor theory was applied in the AHP model to learn the user's movie preferences during the interactive process. We suggested that the proposed approach would be better than providing a long list of recommendation items and waiting for people to rate them. It also can reduce the cognitive burden via pairwise comparisons when the items are few. In addition, the proposed approach can help the system infer an appropriate starting point for recommending movies via a few rounds of iteration. After obtaining the anchor point of the user, we will utilize the result to calculate the user's genre‐based preference and then create the genre‐based profile."	JASIST	
Effects of anchoring process under preference stabilities for interactive movie recommendations	"Finally, the effects of the anchoring results may be influenced by the users' stabilities of preferences. To investigate the issue of preference stability, we have defined MP types, as introduced in Introduction. The recommendation strategies are designed based on the user's MP type to see if the user's stability for movie genres will influence the recommendation results. We defined the genre‐based movie preference types based on Simonson (2005) and Kwon et al. (2009) to extract the user's stability of preference to genres of movies. Researchers in the customer decision‐making area pointed out that consumers often do not have well‐defined pre‐existing preferences that are merely revealed when they make choices among available products or services (Bettman, Luce, & Payne, 1998). In this work, we measured the user's preference stability based on the user's variants of movie genres, which are introduced as follows: (a) Stable Preference: When the users have stable preferences, they are highly predictable if their preferences are revealed well (Kwon et al., 2009). Accordingly, we could infer the users' movie preferences based on their previous records. Both the pure genre‐based (content‐based) filtering and the AHF approaches would be effective. (b) Unstable Preference: It is difficult to customize the offers for the users who have unstable preferences (Kwon et al., 2009). Thus, the personalized content‐based filtering approach would not be suitable for this type of user (Arora et al., 2008). Therefore, a more elaborate approach to predict users' movie genre preferences is required. The proposed AHF approach may lead to a much better effect on recommendation results with people who have unstable preferences for movie genres."	JASIST	
The design and formative evaluation of nonspeech auditory feedback for an information system	This research describes a user‐centered design method for creating nonspeech auditory feedback to enhance information interactions with a visual information system	JASIST	
Does research output cause economic growth or vice versa? Evidence from 34 OECD countries	"he article, by the use of the specific method and the choice of the country group, makes a contribution to the existing literature. Our empirical results support unidirectional causality running from research output (in terms of total number of articles published) to economic growth for the US, Finland, Hungary, and Mexico; the opposite causality from economic growth to research articles published for Canada, France, Italy, New Zealand, the UK, Austria, Israel, and Poland; and no causality for the rest of the countries. Our findings provide important policy implications for research policies and strategies for OECD countries."	JASIST	
Influence diffusion detection using the influence style (INFUSE) model	We propose a novel approach to analyzing bloggers' influence styles and using the influence styles as features to improve the performance of influence diffusion detection among linked bloggers.	JASIST	
Influence diffusion detection using the influence style (INFUSE) model	"The proposed influence style (INFUSE) model describes bloggers' influence through their engagement style, persuasion style, and persona. Methods used include similarity analysis to detect the creating−sharing aspect of engagement style, subjectivity analysis to measure persuasion style, and sentiment analysis to identify persona style."	JASIST	
Influence diffusion detection using the influence style (INFUSE) model	We further extend the INFUSE model to detect influence diffusion among linked bloggers based on the bloggers' influence styles.	JASIST	
Human rights as a topic and guide for LIS research and practice	LIS researchers and professionals are perfectly positioned to (a) create and improve human rights information systems;	JASIST	
Human rights as a topic and guide for LIS research and practice	(b) develop methods to analyze human rights data sets for knowledge to better guide human rights interventions	JASIST	
Human rights as a topic and guide for LIS research and practice	(c) articulate the value of information rights and suggest what would constitute their satisfaction;	JASIST	
Human rights as a topic and guide for LIS research and practice	"(d) help craft systems and services that would enable persons to exercise their human rights to communication, privacy, and IP;"	JASIST	
Human rights as a topic and guide for LIS research and practice	"(e) provide evidence and arguments supporting policies that will ensure that information rights are respected, protected, and fulfilled."	JASIST	
Team size matters: Collaboration and scientific impact since 1900	"This article provides the first historical analysis of the relationship between collaboration and scientific impact using three indicators of collaboration (number of authors, number of addresses, and number of countries) derived from articles published between 1900 and 2011."	JASIST	
Team size matters: Collaboration and scientific impact since 1900	The article concludes with a discussion of the potential causes of the impact gain in citations of collaborative papers.	JASIST	
Can we rank scholarly book publishers? A bibliometric experiment with the field of history	"First, we construct a ranking of the top 500 publishers and explore descriptive statistics at the level of publisher type (university, commercial, other) and country of origin."	JASIST	
Can we rank scholarly book publishers? A bibliometric experiment with the field of history	We then identify the top 50 university presses and commercial houses based on total citations and mean citations per book (CPB).	JASIST	
Can we rank scholarly book publishers? A bibliometric experiment with the field of history	"In a third analysis, we present a map of directed citation links between journals and book publishers. American and British presses/publishing houses tend to dominate the work of library collection managers and citing scholars; however, a number of specialist publishers from Europe are included."	JASIST	
Thesaurus and ontology structure: Formal and pragmatic differences and similarities	"we conduct (a) a conceptual comparison of thesauri and ontologies,"	JASIST	
Thesaurus and ontology structure: Formal and pragmatic differences and similarities	(b) a comparison of a specific thesaurus and a specific ontology in the same subject field.	JASIST	
"Are relations in thesauri “context‐free, definitional, and true in all possible worlds”?"	"Semantic relations including paradigmatic relations are not a priori but are dependent on subject knowledge, scientific findings, and paradigms"	JASIST	
"Argue, observe, assess: Measuring disciplinary identities and differences through socio‐epistemic discourse"	"This article presents a potential solution: an empirical approach to quantitatively measure both the degree and nature of differences among disciplinary tongues through the social and epistemic terms used (a research area we refer to as discourse epistemetrics), in a case study comparing dissertations in philosophy, psychology, and physics."	JASIST	
"Argue, observe, assess: Measuring disciplinary identities and differences through socio‐epistemic discourse"	"Based on the findings of our study, we conclude by considering the beneficiaries of research in this area, including bibliometricians, students, and science policy makers, among others, as well as laying out a research program that expands the number of disciplines, considers shifts in socio‐epistemic identities over time and applies these methods to nonacademic epistemological communities (e.g., political groups)."	JASIST	
Domain‐independent search expertise: A description of procedural knowledge gained during guided instruction	"This longitudinal study examined the search behavior of 10 students as they completed assigned exercises for an online professional course in expert searching. The research objective was to identify, describe, and hypothesize about features of the behavior that are indicative of procedural knowledge gained during guided instruction."	JASIST	
Domain‐independent search expertise: A description of procedural knowledge gained during guided instruction	Results of the study provide important insight for future investigation of domain‐independent search expertise and for the design of systems that assist searchers in gaining expertise.	JASIST	
Who publishes in “predatory” journals?	"This study examines author profiles for some of these “predatory” journals as well as for groups of more well‐recognized open access journals. We collect and analyze the publication record, citation count, and geographic location of authors from the various groups of journals"	JASIST	
Who publishes in “predatory” journals?	Statistical analyses verify that each group of journals has a distinct author population.	JASIST	
“They are always there for me”: The convergence of social support and information in an online breast cancer community	"This research examines interactions among members of an online breast cancer community, focusing on how information and social support were exchanged, how these exchanges influenced health decisions, and how the community was integrated into participants' everyday lives"	JASIST	
“They are always there for me”: The convergence of social support and information in an online breast cancer community	"This article argues that social support and information were inextricably connected within participant interactions and that social support is, itself, a form of information that impacts actions and emotional experiences, contributing to participants being able to make sense of their experiences and to move forward both physically and emotionally."	JASIST	
“They are always there for me”: The convergence of social support and information in an online breast cancer community	This research builds on work in information science that looks at the ways in which people exchange information in informal environments and extends that research by drawing on conceptualizations of social support to exhibit the connections between social support and information.	JASIST	
Clusterization and mapping of waste recycling science. Evolution of research from 2002 to 2012	"An ad‐hoc designed “capture” strategy has been used to retrieve WR‐related peer‐reviewed journal papers from selected databases, and the information contained in their author keyword field has been thoroughly cleaned"	JASIST	
Clusterization and mapping of waste recycling science. Evolution of research from 2002 to 2012	"Energy generation and waste management are other relevant fields that show an interesting evolution, revealing signs of growth in research, together with the emergence of sub‐areas reflecting consolidating research specialties."	JASIST	
Hyperlinks embedded in twitter as a proxy for total external in‐links to international university websites	"we are measuring a subdimension of hyperlinks marked by the characteristics of the medium (Twitter), which offers another very similar, but complementary, type of information. In this regard, both the progressive adaptation of universities to social media use and presence and a possible filtering of university outliers could lessen this effect."	JASIST	
Investigating serendipity: How it unfolds and what may influence it	This article describes an investigation of work‐related serendipity.	JASIST	
Investigating serendipity: How it unfolds and what may influence it	"This research validated and augmented prior research while consolidating previous models of serendipity into a single model of the process of serendipity, consisting of: Trigger, Connection, Follow‐up, and Valuable Outcome, and an Unexpected Thread that runs through 1 or more of the first 4 elements. Together, the elements influence the Perception of Serendipity."	JASIST	
Investigating serendipity: How it unfolds and what may influence it	"Furthermore, this research identified what factors relating to the individual and their environment may facilitate the main elements of serendipity and further influence its perception."	JASIST	
Perceptions of justice or injustice as determinants of contributor defections from online communities	Our research uses justice theory to determine the effects of injustice perceptions on contributor defections and draws on fairness heuristic theory to distinguish the relative effects of distributive injustice and procedural injustice.	JASIST	
Perceptions of justice or injustice as determinants of contributor defections from online communities	The findings contribute to our understanding of collaborative knowledge creation by drawing attention to contributors' post hoc passive emotions and behaviors instead of predominantly investigating their initial prosharing behaviors.	JASIST	
Perceptions of justice or injustice as determinants of contributor defections from online communities	The work also has practical implications for community governance because it suggests how to sustain communities in the long term	JASIST	
Effects of ego involvement and social norms on individuals' uploading intention on Wikipedia: A comparative study between the United States and South Korea	"The findings of the present study contribute to the current literature as follows. First, we showed that ego involvement is an important factor to account for intention to upload content on Wikipedia. Given that individuals' self‐concept or self‐identification can be transformed into the behavior in question (Conner & Armitage, 1998), combining the concept of ego involvement and the TPB could be theoretically a fruitful endeavor"	JASIST	
Effects of ego involvement and social norms on individuals' uploading intention on Wikipedia: A comparative study between the United States and South Korea	"Second, the study discovered the distinctiveness of subjective norm and descriptive norm and uncovered that the two norms play different roles in the process of explaining behavioral intention of uploading content on Wikipedia. In the present study, descriptive norm played a marginally significant role, only in the U.S. model. Future studies are encouraged to develop further the role of descriptive norm, separated from subjective norm, in order to corroborate the present study's finding."	JASIST	
Effects of ego involvement and social norms on individuals' uploading intention on Wikipedia: A comparative study between the United States and South Korea	"Third, the current study showed that subjective norm did not have a significant impact on behavioral intention even in the collectivist culture, contrary to the findings from previous studies (e.g., Dinev et al., 2009; Pavlou & Chai, 2002)."	JASIST	
Visual information seeking	"The present study reports on the information seeking processes in a visual context, referred to throughout as visual information seeking."	JASIST	
Visual information seeking	"This study synthesizes research throughout different, yet complementary, areas, each capable of contributing findings and understanding to visual information seeking"	JASIST	
Visual information seeking	"Methods previously applied for examining the visual information seeking process are reviewed, including interactive experiments, surveys, and various qualitative approaches. The methods and resulting findings are presented and structured according to generalized phases of existing information seeking models, which include the needs, actions, and assessments of users."	JASIST	
Visual information seeking	"A review of visual information needs focuses on need and thus query formulation; user actions, as reviewed, centers on search and browse behaviors and the observed trends, concluded by a survey of users' assessments of visual information as part of the interactive process."	JASIST	
Cross‐language person‐entity linking from 20 languages	This article describes the construction of 6 test collections for cross‐language person‐entity linking that together span 22 languages. Fully automated components were used together with 2 crowdsourced validation stages to affordably generate ground‐truth annotations with an accuracy comparable to that of a completely manual process	JASIST	
Cross‐language person‐entity linking from 20 languages	"Fully automated cross‐language person‐name linking experiments with 20 non‐English languages yielded a resolution accuracy of between 0.84 (Serbian) and 0.98 (Romanian), which compares favorably with previously reported cross‐language entity linking results for Spanish."	JASIST	
Are scholarly articles disproportionately read in their own country? An analysis of mendeley readers	"To test whether the apparent advantage of internationally collaborative research may be due to additional interest in articles from the countries of the authors, this article assesses the extent to which the national affiliations of the authors of articles affect the national affiliations of their Mendeley readers."	JASIST	
Are scholarly articles disproportionately read in their own country? An analysis of mendeley readers	"Based on English‐language Web of Science articles in 10 fields from science, medicine, social science, and the humanities, the results of statistical models comparing author and reader affiliations suggest that, in most fields, Mendeley users are disproportionately readers of articles authored from within their own country"	JASIST	
Are scholarly articles disproportionately read in their own country? An analysis of mendeley readers	"Moreover, authors should guard against national biases in their reading to select only the best and most relevant publications to inform their research."	JASIST	
How is research blogged? A content analysis approach	we studied the characteristics of peer‐reviewed references in blogs and the typical content of blog posts to gain insight into bloggers' motivations. The sample consisted of 391 blog posts from 2010 to 2012 in Researchblogging.org's health category	JASIST	
How is research blogged? A content analysis approach	"Using content analysis methods, we created a general classification scheme for blog post content with 10 major topic categories, each with several subcategories. The results suggest that health research bloggers rarely self‐cite and that the vast majority of their blog posts (90%) include a general discussion of the issue covered in the article, with more than one quarter providing health‐related advice based on the article(s) covered."	JASIST	
How is research blogged? A content analysis approach	"These factors suggest a genuine attempt to engage with a wider, nonacademic audience. Nevertheless, almost 30% of the posts included some criticism of the issues being discussed."	JASIST	
Interactions between English‐speaking and Chinese‐speaking users and librarians on social networking sites	"This study contributes to an understanding of the differences in how library users use and view the various social apps, particularly when librarians want to find better ways to connect with their patrons."	JASIST	
Interactions between English‐speaking and Chinese‐speaking users and librarians on social networking sites	The findings also contribute to an understanding of how libraries can use SNSs to engage users by exploring different interactions on library SNSs.	JASIST	
Interactions between English‐speaking and Chinese‐speaking users and librarians on social networking sites	The study identified four types of library‐user interactions as well as their subcategories based on analyzing the relevant literature and harvesting SNS posts’ contents and the flows of information.	JASIST	
Interactions between English‐speaking and Chinese‐speaking users and librarians on social networking sites	"The study also found cross‐cultural differences in user online engagement in SNSs. For example, Chinese users in Facebook showed fewer “likes” than English‐speaking users and more active participation in tech‐related polls and votes."	JASIST	
A new approach to measure the scientific strengths of territories	"We apply the proposed method to the case of Italy, trying to answer the following research questions:
 How is the production of scientific research distributed across national territory?"	JASIST	
A new approach to measure the scientific strengths of territories	Which regions or provinces lead in scientific production by field?	JASIST	
A new approach to measure the scientific strengths of territories	Is it possible to detect geographic concentrations of activity in specific fields?	JASIST	
A new approach to measure the scientific strengths of territories	"Would there be different results if spatial analysis were conducted through simple counting of publications, rather than from citations?"	JASIST	
A new approach to measure the scientific strengths of territories	"The study of the territorial distribution of public supply of knowledge can certainly orient the necessary actions of decision makers responsible for this area, at the levels of nation, region, and province. In this sense, we hold that the proposed method can in fact provide the answers to the above research questions, and that it thus represents a useful contribution, going beyond the specific national case where the new approach is applied."	JASIST	
Testing the strength of the normative approach in citation theory through relational bibliometrics: The case of italian sociology	The results confirmed this hypothesis and showed that the clusters seemed to be divided according to topic and not by camp. Relevant scientific works were cited by the members of the entire community regardless of their membership in any particular camp.	JASIST	
Assessment of journal similarity based on citing discipline analysis	This study compares the range of disciplines of citing journal articles to determine how closely related journals assigned to the same Web of Science research area are.	JASIST	
Assessment of journal similarity based on citing discipline analysis	Similarity relationships were determined using multidimensional scaling and hierarchical cluster analysis to compare the outcomes produced by the proposed citing discipline and established cocitation methods.	JASIST	
Assessment of journal similarity based on citing discipline analysis	The maps and clustering outcomes reveal that a number of journals in allied areas of the information science and library science category may not be very closely related to each other or may not be appropriately situated in the category studied	JASIST	
A study of the role of visual information in supporting ideation in graphic design	"The present study has identified a range of visual information‐seeking behaviors demonstrated by our interview participants in terms of collection, management, and access to different kinds of digital and physical material that contribute to the ideation phase of the graphic design process."	JASIST	
A study of the role of visual information in supporting ideation in graphic design	"The study has further revealed what type of visual information the designers seek, where they attempt to gather this information, and what type of tools and methods they adopt for these tasks."	JASIST	
A study of the role of visual information in supporting ideation in graphic design	"Based on the study, we propose a set of requirements for an ideation‐support system for graphic design."	JASIST	
Explicit search result diversification using score and rank aggregation methods	"First, we extensively evaluate the performance of a state‐of‐the‐art explicit diversification strategy and pin‐point its potential weaknesses. We propose basic yet novel optimizations to remedy these weaknesses and boost the performance of this algorithm."	JASIST	
Explicit search result diversification using score and rank aggregation methods	"As a second contribution, inspired by the success of the current diversification strategies that exploit the relevance of the candidate documents to individual query aspects, we cast the diversification problem into the problem of ranking aggregation."	JASIST	
Explicit search result diversification using score and rank aggregation methods	"To this end, we propose to materialize the re‐rankings of the candidate documents for each query aspect and then merge these rankings by adapting the score(‐based) and rank(‐based) aggregation methods."	JASIST	
"Measuring triple‐helix synergy in the Russian innovation systems at regional, provincial, and national levels"	"The analysis of the Russian economy using the Triple‐Helix indicator provides us with a perspective on an economy organized very differently from the Western economies that we have studied hitherto or the Chinese economy (Leydesdorff & Zhou, 2014). It transpires that the Russian economy is not knowledge based."	JASIST	
"Measuring triple‐helix synergy in the Russian innovation systems at regional, provincial, and national levels"	"Synergies in the regions among existing technological and economic structures are disturbed instead of reinforced by medium‐tech manufacturing and even more so by high‐tech manufacturing. Knowledge‐intensive services are grounded and not, as we hypothesized in the introduction (on the basis of previous studies), a mechanism that uncouples from the local economies. Both KIS and high‐tech manufacturing are heavily centralized in Moscow."	JASIST	
Information practices of urban newcomers: An analysis of habits and wandering	This paper reviews information practices used by transnational migrants to become familiar with new urban surroundings	JASIST	
Information practices of urban newcomers: An analysis of habits and wandering	"The findings section first addresses participants' practices for becoming familiar with their surroundings as embedded in everyday routines using Bergson's (1911) construct of habits as a means of organizing stimulus. I then develop an analysis of wandering, which emerged as an information practice used by participants to become familiar with their neighborhoods. Building on these themes, I suggest implications for human information behavior theory, arguing that LIS scholars should articulate more clearly and across a wider range of disciplines the concepts of mobile and ubiquitous technologies."	JASIST	
Adverse selection of reviewers	"In this article, we study the example of adverse selection of reviewers when a potential referee whose ability is his private information faces a finite sequence of review processes for several scholarly journals, one after the other."	JASIST	
Understanding engagement with the privacy domain through design research	"Our first contribution is to reveal a set of challenges in relation to how privacy interventions are currently being designed. Many interventions have relied on extrinsically motivating technology users to attend to privacy matters through the threat of potential consequences, while at the same time offering authoritative solutions that diminish users' agency. As a consequence of this, we found that technology users had formed expectations that privacy risks can be handed over to technologies. Such expectations were also fuelled by their inertia with respect to privacy, present even among those reporting to be most privacy concerned. Moreover, we found that technology users made sense of a privacy risk through a broad but yet consistent inquiry—ranging from attaining an understanding of the nature of the risk, to the responses that were available to them. In reviewing existing privacy interventions, we observed that they only met in part the breadth of information that technology users seek."	JASIST	
Understanding engagement with the privacy domain through design research	"The second contribution of our research stems from its aim to offer solutions to the shortcomings it identified. By observing how technology users engaged with the domain of privacy in the context of an intervention under development, we were able to uncover new design principles for privacy interventions at large. Our findings emphasize the importance of leaving the space open so that technology users can situate privacy in relation to their knowledge and experience."	JASIST	
Understanding engagement with the privacy domain through design research	"Moreover, we found that engagement with the domain of privacy can be prolonged and deepened by presenting privacy as a personal as well as a socio‐political concern. We also identified the role of reflection in deepening participants' understanding and encouraging inquiry. Finally, we discovered that our participants engaged with the privacy domain as long as the information they consumed was credible and accessible."	JASIST	
From cyberbullying to well‐being: A narrative‐based participatory approach to values‐oriented design for social media	"This study looks at mean and cruel online behavior through the lens of design, with the goal of developing positive technologies for youth"	JASIST	
From cyberbullying to well‐being: A narrative‐based participatory approach to values‐oriented design for social media	he study resulted in a user‐generated framework for designing affordances on social media sites to counter acts of cyberbullying.	JASIST	
From cyberbullying to well‐being: A narrative‐based participatory approach to values‐oriented design for social media	"We conclude with a typological analysis of the values present in the participants' design recommendations, applying Cheng and Fleischman's values framework (2010)."	JASIST	
"ResearchGate: Disseminating, communicating, and measuring Scholarship?"	"ResearchGate view counts and download counts for individual articles may also prove to be useful indicators of article impact in the future. They were not analyzed in the current article because the figures are not embedded in the HTML of the webpages, when crawled, but they may well be useful to give individual authors feedback about which of their articles are proving to be the most popular, especially if this points to articles that are popular despite being uncited. This could occur, for example, for recently published articles or articles that have value primarily in education or in an applied context."	JASIST	
User participation in an academic social networking service: A survey of open group users on Mendeley	"Our results show that (a) participants did not engage with social‐based features as frequently and actively as they engaged with research‐based features, and"	JASIST	
User participation in an academic social networking service: A survey of open group users on Mendeley	(b) users who joined more groups seemed to have a stronger motivation to increase their professional visibility and to contribute the research articles that they had read to the group reading list	JASIST	
User participation in an academic social networking service: A survey of open group users on Mendeley	"Our results generate interesting insights into Mendeley's user populations, their activities, and their motivations relative to the social features of Mendeley. We also argue that further design of ASNSs is needed to take greater account of disciplinary differences in scholarly communication and to establish incentive mechanisms for encouraging user participation."	JASIST	
Truth and deception at the rhetorical structure level	Our contribution to deception detection research and RST is threefold. (a) We demonstrate that discourse structure and pragmatics provide a promising basis for automated deception detection and an effective complement to lexicosemantic analysis	JASIST	
Truth and deception at the rhetorical structure level	b) We develop the novel RST‐VSM method using RST analysis to identify previously unseen deceptive texts.	JASIST	
Truth and deception at the rhetorical structure level	"(c) We suggest that a more accurate two‐stage procedure with special methodology for detecting false positives could improve the deception detection process. The potential of this research lies in developing novel discourse‐based tools to assist information seekers, online readers, or decision makers by alerting them to potential deception in computer‐mediated texts. This, in turn, addresses several problems recognized in library and information science: discerning information from misinformation, screening information for its quality, and assessing the credibility of its resources."	JASIST	
Privacy as a fuzzy concept: A new conceptualization of privacy for practitioners	The present paper applies a prototype perspective on privacy that acknowledges the fuzziness of concepts and goes on to develop such a definition in a series of empirical studies.	JASIST	
Privacy as a fuzzy concept: A new conceptualization of privacy for practitioners	"The relevance of the privacy prototype is then explored as it applies to privacy theorists, practitioners, and methodologists, suggesting new avenues for future research."	JASIST	
Mining browsing behaviors for objectionable content filtering	The major contributions of this work are twofold: (a) demonstrating the feasibility of predicting categories without the necessity of crawling page content for machine learning and	JASIST	
Mining browsing behaviors for objectionable content filtering	"(b) applying the results to identify objectionable content. In addition, the filtering simulation reveals that our proposed model can filter objectionable content by exploring users' browsing behaviors involved in the client‐side click‐through data only with the passage of time. Our user‐centric method is close to real‐life users' surfing behaviors. It is complementary to existing filtering techniques for keeping up with the changing variability of objectionable content from users' behavioral perspectives."	JASIST	
Tracking middle school students' information behavior via Kuhlthau's ISP Model:Temporality	"The objective of the study is to test and extend ISP model concepts. As per other ISP model studies, our study measured the evolution of the feelings, thoughts, and actions of the study participants over the 3‐month period of their class project."	JASIST	
Tracking middle school students' information behavior via Kuhlthau's ISP Model:Temporality	"First, through factor analysis, we determined 5 factors that define the temporality of completing an inquiry‐based project for these grade 8 students"	JASIST	
Tracking middle school students' information behavior via Kuhlthau's ISP Model:Temporality	"The second main finding is the importance of the students' consultations with their classmates, siblings, parents, and teachers in the construction of the knowledge necessary to complete their project."	JASIST	
Query‐biased summary generation assisted by query expansion	"Our first contribution is to use sentence relevance data from the TREC Novelty track, and adopt a Cranfield‐style methodology to assess sentence ranking methods as an intrinsic summary evaluation."	JASIST	
Query‐biased summary generation assisted by query expansion	Our second contribution investigates the application of query expansion to enhance the construction of query‐biased summaries	JASIST	
Query‐biased summary generation assisted by query expansion	"We contrast the results of a Cranfield‐style evaluation with a user study, where top‐ranked sentences are concatenated and presented as a query‐biased summary, and investigate whether people prefer query‐biased summaries assisted by query expansion or summaries that do not employ query expansion. This study forms our third contribution."	JASIST	
Predicting users' domain knowledge in information retrieval using multiple regression analysis of search behaviors	"This research addresses an important issue in the personalization of information retrieval and user modeling, i.e., how to predict a user's DK level from the user's search interaction behaviors with the system"	JASIST	
Predicting users' domain knowledge in information retrieval using multiple regression analysis of search behaviors	"The model includes three behavior variables, each of which significantly contributes to the model: the number of documents saved, query length, and the ranking position of the documents opened in the search result page"	JASIST	
Predicting users' domain knowledge in information retrieval using multiple regression analysis of search behaviors	"The model is tested and validated using split subsamples of the original sample. The validation results demonstrate that the overall model is reasonably accurate, and can be applied to the same population from which the sample was drawn."	JASIST	
Predicting users' domain knowledge in information retrieval using multiple regression analysis of search behaviors	"This paper contributes to the literature on user modeling, personalization, and adaptive search. In particular, the use of the regression analysis method to model users' domain knowledge level, based on their measurable behaviors, opens a new opportunity to formalize user modeling."	JASIST	
Predicting users' domain knowledge in information retrieval using multiple regression analysis of search behaviors	"The simple linear model developed and suggested in this paper may be useful to predict the level of domain knowledge from user search behaviors that can be captured in a variety of systems, both on the client side and through embedded webpage scripts potentially available in server‐side logs."	JASIST	
"Journal maps, interactive overlays, and the measurement of interdisciplinarity on the basis of Scopus data (1996–2012)"	"Using Scopus data, we construct a global map of science based on aggregated journal–journal citations from 1996–2012 (N of journals = 20,554)."	JASIST	
"The roles of sharing, transfer, and public funding in nanotechnology knowledge‐diffusion networks"	"This study proposes a multidimensional network analysis framework that utilizes Exponential Random Graph Models (ERGMs) to simultaneously model knowledge‐sharing and knowledge‐transfer processes, examine their interactions, and evaluate the impacts of network structures and public funding on knowledge‐diffusion networks."	JASIST	
Analyzing the interaction patterns in a faceted search interface	"By bringing together this transaction log analysis and user testing, we expect this study to contribute to the understanding of user interaction activities and provide guidance for future faceted interface design and implementation efforts."	JASIST	
Use of politeness strategies in signed open peer review	The primary contributions of our work are fourfold. We conducted the first analysis (to our knowledge) of politeness strategies in an open peer‐review process.	JASIST	
Use of politeness strategies in signed open peer review	"We observed overwhelming usage of these strategies, and we identified common combinations of the strategies and observed that several instances of politeness strategies are particularly well facilitated by open review."	JASIST	
Use of politeness strategies in signed open peer review	"We found no evidence that junior reviewers avoided reviewing papers coauthored by senior researchers, but we did find that less experienced researchers tended to express unmitigated criticism more often that did experienced researchers"	JASIST	
Use of politeness strategies in signed open peer review	"We discuss how visibility of reviews to various parties such as authors, other reviewers, or the community may affect use of politeness strategies, and we identify design implications both for peer‐review processes and for the systems that support those processes."	JASIST	
Constructing an inter‐post similarity measure to differentiate the psychological stages in offensive chats	"First, in the information and language technology field, currently it is difficult to find much research focusing on the issue of detection of Internet child exploitation; this paper focuses on the issue and examines the technical aspects of chat messages that can be used to find a solution. It works as a bridge between two information technology (IT) fields: data mining and computer forensics."	JASIST	
Constructing an inter‐post similarity measure to differentiate the psychological stages in offensive chats	"Second, exploiting two different concepts: (i) Psychological Communication Stages in CE chats—from the fields of psychology and communication theory research, and (ii) Sentence Similarity Measure—from the field of information retrieval (IR) research."	JASIST	
Constructing an inter‐post similarity measure to differentiate the psychological stages in offensive chats	"Third, a psychological term dictionary is constructed from mining the terms associated with each stage. The dictionary works as a background knowledge‐base to support the proposed similarity measure."	JASIST	
Constructing an inter‐post similarity measure to differentiate the psychological stages in offensive chats	"Fourth, to find the inter‐post similarity a modified sentence similarity measure is constructed and utilized. Fifth, the new similarity measure is used to cluster the chat‐posts into their corresponding behavioral stages."	JASIST	
Big data and its epistemology	"The article considers whether Big Data, in the form of data‐driven science, will enable the discovery, or appraisal, of universal scientific theories, instrumentalist tools, or inductive inferences"	JASIST	
Big data and its epistemology	"It points out, initially, that such aspirations are similar to the now‐discredited inductivist approach to science"	JASIST	
Big data and its epistemology	"On the positive side, Big Data may permit larger sample sizes, cheaper and more extensive testing of theories, and the continuous assessment of theories"	JASIST	
Big data and its epistemology	"On the negative side, data‐driven science encourages passive data collection, as opposed to experimentation and testing, and hornswoggling (“unsound statistical fiddling”)."	JASIST	
Big data and its epistemology	"The roles of theory and data in inductive algorithms, statistical modeling, and scientific discoveries are analyzed, and it is argued that theory is needed at every turn. Data‐driven science is a chimera."	JASIST	
"Information seeking, use, and decision making"	The contribution of the research to existing theoretical frameworks is discussed and a modified version of Wilson's problem‐solving model is proposed.	JASIST	
"Information seeking, use, and decision making"	"In this paper we explored three areas: decision making and information seeking, the relationship between information seeking and uncertainty, and the role of expertise in influencing information use. This was undertaken in the context of a qualitative study into decision making in the initial stages of emergency response to major incidents"	JASIST	
Effect of web page menu orientation on retrieving information by people with learning disabilities	"This article addresses one aspect of page design, testing whether a horizontal or vertical contents arrangement facilitates faster access to content for people with learning disabilities. Participants were timed as they looked for one‐word “dummy” menu entries appearing in various locations along a horizontal or vertical grid."	JASIST	
Effect of web page menu orientation on retrieving information by people with learning disabilities	The words corresponded to images shown at random in a word‐search type activity	JASIST	
Effect of web page menu orientation on retrieving information by people with learning disabilities	Results were analyzed using mixed effects models. Results showed that mean search times increased as the position shifted from left to right and from top to bottom.	JASIST	
Effect of web page menu orientation on retrieving information by people with learning disabilities	"The research also suggests that a horizontal menu may be more effective than a vertical one, with the most important links placed on the left. The propensity to imbibe information “serially” (word‐for‐word) rather than to skim or look “globally” has important website design implications."	JASIST	
Internet information triangulation: Design theory and prototype evaluation	We discuss a prototyping study of the use of an information triangulator among 72 college students and how their use contributes to their opinion formation	JASIST	
Internet information triangulation: Design theory and prototype evaluation	"From these findings, we conclude that triangulation tools can contribute to opinion formation by information consumers, especially when the tool is not a mere fact checker but includes the search and delivery of alternative views."	JASIST	
Internet information triangulation: Design theory and prototype evaluation	"Finally, we discuss other empirical propositions and design propositions for an agenda for triangulator developers and researchers."	JASIST	
Internet information triangulation: Design theory and prototype evaluation	"In particular, we propose investment in theory triangulation, that is, tools to automatically detect ethically and theoretically alternative information and views."	JASIST	
How are icons processed by the brain? Neuroimaging measures of four types of visual stimuli used in information systems	"We want to contribute to a better understanding of human factors in human−computer interaction (HCI) and the role of graphic and textual information used in information systems that facilitate behaviors of users and developers such as decision making, judgment, and various economic and psychological issues. The findings of our study also have the potential to illuminate research on neuroergonomics (Parasuraman, 2003) and the development of neuroadaptive interfaces (Hettinger, Branco, Encarnacao, & Bonato, 2003) that are information systems that can dynamically adapt different users' variations in behavioral and cognitive states according to corresponding neural sources of the user in the future."	JASIST	
Generating descriptive multi‐document summaries of geo‐located entities using entity type models	Dependency pattern models can contribute both to better sentence scoring and readabilty in particular clarity and coherence scores.	JASIST	
Generating descriptive multi‐document summaries of geo‐located entities using entity type models	"Thus, we conclude that entity type models as represented by dependency patterns do lead to improved results in entity‐focused, automatic‐text summarization."	JASIST	
Generating descriptive multi‐document summaries of geo‐located entities using entity type models	"Finally, we also showed that deriving entity type models from groups of similar entity types is possible, which is useful in cases in which there exist limited text resources for single entity types."	JASIST	
Factors affecting citation rates of research articles	"We obtained the NBMR model explaining the citation frequencies of articles with a relatively long citing window (6 or 11 years after publication) for each of the six fields. The models for the six fields were to some extent similar regarding the selected predicting factors and the degree of significance of these predictors. Most existing studies that explain the factors influencing citation rates of articles have dealt with articles from either a single subject field or mixed fields. Taking this into account, our study is original in that some generality across different fields is found regarding the important factors that influence citations."	JASIST	
Factors affecting citation rates of research articles	"The fitness of the NBMR model obtained in this study was not very high, but it was acceptable because the value of pseudo‐Rc2 was 0.25–0.5. This is an expected result when considering that all the explanatory variables used here were “extrinsic” factors that have no direct relation to the quality or content of the articles. The purpose of our study was not to develop a model with high fitness but a baseline of the expected citation frequency for a given article based on such extrinsic factors. The generality of the significant predictors of citations across different fields is promising for developing such a baseline."	JASIST	
Factors affecting citation rates of research articles	"One of the aims for the future is an analysis of deviations of the observed citations from this baseline (expected citation frequencies based on these extrinsic predictors) for individual articles. To what attributes of articles do the deviations relate? Are the attributes intrinsic ones connected with the quality or content of articles? It is difficult, however, to distinguish strictly intrinsic attributes from extrinsic ones. The number of institutions and countries are used as extrinsic variables in this study, but they may be in part intrinsic if interinstitutional or international collaboration itself is thought to be connected to high research quality. In addition, many references or pages may imply the width and depth of research. We assumed here that the attributes whose values can be obtained from bibliographic data were extrinsic."	JASIST	
Factors affecting citation rates of research articles	"Another aim of advancement is to look for “intrinsic” factors (which are closely related to the quality or content of articles) that are associated with citations. Concerning this, Chen (2012) recently proposed the “structure variation” model, arguing that the potential value of an idea conveyed in an article is measured in terms of the degree of change in the existing intellectual structure brought about by the idea (see the subsection Quantitative Relations Between Citation Rates and Measures of the Quality or Content of Articles in the Literature Review). Based on this model, Chen defined some indicators of the degree of structural change using network theory and discussed the relationship between these indicators and future citation rate."	JASIST	
Factors affecting citation rates of research articles	It remains a difficult and complicated issue to determine the principal factors affecting the citation rates of articles. A definite conclusion has not yet been reached despite much research dedicated to this problem. We hope that this article will make some contribution to the relevant literature.	JASIST	
A patento‐scientometric approach to venture capital investment prioritization	"Based on these analyses, we conclude that scientometric and patentometric indicators not only help in understanding the issues addressed in this study related to nonfinancial criteria (technology, market, divestment, and team) but also contribute to the construction of a method for prioritizing VC investments."	JASIST	
A patento‐scientometric approach to venture capital investment prioritization	"As a contribution to future studies, we suggest the identification of other indicators for the same analytic criteria (technology, market, divestment, and team) as well as the definition of different weights for different nonfinancial evaluation criteria. This can be done through analysis of individual contributions to company performance. Also, by increasing the base of companies analyzed, one can reach more general conclusions."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Although the findings of this study support all of the proposed hypotheses except H3c, some issues deserve further discussion. First, we found that authors of IS articles came from diverse fields and countries. This finding is consistent with past studies showing that IS research involves knowledge from diverse fields such as engineering, library science, psychology, communication, telecommunications, and mathematics (Brancheau & Wetherbe, 1987; Culnan & Swanson, 1986; Grover et al., 2006). Members of these disciplines actively participate in IS scholarship rather than just being cited. Importantly, these findings indicate that knowledge of the IS field is created by authors from highly diverse backgrounds in terms of their expertise and geographic locations. Such results not only demonstrate the interdisciplinary nature of the IS field but also highlight its importance in academia."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Second, one of the most obvious differences between these two periods lies in the distribution change of IS article authors' fields: the decrease in the field of engineering, from 14.30% to 9.35% and the increase in the fields of IS, economics & finance, and communication from 6.55% to 19.28%, 3.60% to 4.76%, and 1.31% to 2.97%, respectively. The contribution of authors from the fields of IS, economics & finance, and communication increased, whereas the contribution of authors from the field of engineering to the knowledge creation of IS, decreased. Importantly, it also shows that the IS field has gradually become major contributors of IS knowledge."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Third, in terms of the geographic distribution of IS authors, the United States has the highest number of IS articles during these two stages, but the proportion decreased from 64.19% to 33.55%. Notably, authors from East Asia play a significantly more important role in producing IS articles, specifically authors from Taiwan (0.31% to 8.08%), China (0.10% to 7.32%), and South Korea (0% to 3.50%), which increased substantially from the pre‐web to the post‐web stage. The results of this study are consistent with past studies, showing that the proportion of IS authors from the United States is decreasing (Huang, Chang, & Chen, 2012), whereas the proportion from China is increasing (Huang, Tang, & Chen, 2011). These results suggest that the diversity of IS authors has increased since the emergence of the Internet."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Fourth, the use of secondary data analysis provides correlative results, which, albeit an important prerequisite of causation, are by no means direct evidence of a causal relationship between the observed variables. Although we have assessed coauthorship trends in the pre‐web stage to exclude the possibility of a pre‐existing increasing trend in research collaboration before the emergence of the Internet, the empirical results in this study remain insufficient for any causal inferences."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Other factors may also contribute to the increase in research collaboration during the post‐web stage, such as greater interest in IT in societies, economic growth, increasing investments in academic research, globalization, and so on. (Acosta, Coronado, Ferrandiz, & Leon, 2011; Hara, Solomon, Kim, & Sonnenwald, 2003; Lorigo & Pellacini, 2007; Sooryamoorthy & Shrum, 2007; Toral, Bessis, & Martinez‐Torres, 2013; van Rijnsoever & Hessels, 2011). Nonetheless, the results of this study consistently suggest that the Internet may facilitate the process of research collaboration."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Fifth, although the emergence of the Internet and the number of coauthors significantly relate to the number of citations received by the publications, their correlation coefficients are relatively small (i.e., β = 0.15 for number of coauthor, β = 0.07 for the emergence of the Internet). Nonetheless, such results seem to be fairly reasonable given that the number of citations can be affected by many other factors, such as expertise and status of the authors, journal status, relevance of the topic, and so forth. Although the effect size is relatively small, the results still demonstrate statistically significant effects as predicted in the proposed hypotheses."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Sixth, all of the three measures of coauthorship show consistently positive relationships with the citations received by IS articles. Past studies have found inconsistent relationship between research collaboration and citations received (Hart, 2007; Leimu & Koricheva, 2005). For instance, Leimu and Koricheva (2005) found that the number of received citations was positively correlated to the number of authors and the number of coauthors' institutions, and that the number of received citations had no significant relation to the number of coauthors' fields and countries. Instead, our results demonstrated consistent effects of research collaboration on citations received in the field of IS. Our findings complement the findings of prior studies (Hart, 2007; Leimu & Koricheva, 2005) and provide evidence of the benefits of research collaboration among different disciplines and countries to the knowledge creation of IS."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Seventh, given the lack of studies that explore the impacts of the Internet (Adams et al., 2005; Chua & Yang, 2008; Liu, 2003), the study investigates such effects in two ways: (a) comparing the phenomenon of research collaboration between the pre‐ and the post‐web stages and (b) comparing the relationship between research collaboration and research impacts in both stages to explore whether this relationship is stronger after the emergence of the Internet. The first deals with the phenomenon of research collaboration, whereas the latter deals with impacts before and after the emergence of the Internet. The results show that the degree of research collaboration significantly increases in the post‐web stage relative to that of the pre‐web stage. Moreover, the results also show a consistently positive relationship between research collaboration and citations, and this positive relationship becomes even stronger in the post‐web stage than that of the pre‐web stage. That is, the phenomenon and the impacts of research collaboration become stronger in the post‐web stage."	JASIST	
A study of research collaboration in the pre‐web and post‐web stages: A coauthorship analysis of the information systems discipline	"Last, the interaction between the web and the number of coauthors' countries is, although positive as predicted, not statistically significant, although the interaction effects between web and the other two measures of coauthorship are significantly positive. Such results suggest that the facilitative influence of the Internet might be effective for research collaboration among scholars from different academic fields, but could be less effective for scholars from different countries. The lack of enhancement effect for international collaboration could be because of reasons specific to the field of IS, such as highly internationally mobile scholars, or strong international research communities, and so on. This result might suggest that information technology is by no means a panacea for communication problems. After all, some boundaries, such as language and culture, are fairly hard to overcome and probably call for other facilitative conditions than powerful information tools."	JASIST	
A complete assessment of tagging quality: A consolidated methodology	"Therefore, in this paper the following research questions were addressed to systematically verify the quality of tags and to provide important development for utilizing social tagging in digital information organization.
 How consistent is social tagging at a social tagging site regarding the subject indexing of web resources?"	JASIST	
A complete assessment of tagging quality: A consolidated methodology	What levels of tagging exhaustivity and tag specificity characterize the indexing of web documents?	JASIST	
A complete assessment of tagging quality: A consolidated methodology	To what extent are tags conceptually related to professionally generated keywords?	JASIST	
A complete assessment of tagging quality: A consolidated methodology	Is there a relationship between a tag's power as a good index term and its semantic relatedness to documents?	JASIST	
A complete assessment of tagging quality: A consolidated methodology	This paper focuses on a methodological discussion of the study of tagging quality in subject indexing. It provides a brief summary of the major findings and a few examples which are necessary for justifying the choice of the approaches used in this study.	JASIST	
Harnessing collective IT resources for sustainability: Insights from the green leadership strategy of China mobile	"By addressing the research question set forth, this study makes a number of important contributions. First, it provides an empirically grounded framework that contributes toward addressing the lack of empirical studies in green IT research (Dao et al., 2011; Melville, 2010)."	JASIST	
Harnessing collective IT resources for sustainability: Insights from the green leadership strategy of China mobile	"Second, by introducing the notion of green leadership and developing a theoretical model that traces the process of attaining and enacting green leadership in its entirety, this study not only makes a conceptual innovation but sheds light on one of the key mechanisms for achieving effective collective action in the implementation of green IT as well (Gray, 1985; Hargrave & van de Ven, 2006). The latter is a particularly important contribution given that collaboration and collective action among diverse stakeholders beyond the boundaries of a single organization can enhance the reach and magnitude of the impact of green IT implementation (Corbett, 2010; Elliot, 2011). We hope that this study, being one of the first externally oriented empirical studies on green IT, can provide a foundation for future work aimed at validating, extending, or establishing the boundary conditions of our propositions and serve as a catalyst for further research on the collective implementation of green IT initiatives"	JASIST	
Harnessing collective IT resources for sustainability: Insights from the green leadership strategy of China mobile	"In addition, this study makes two important contributions to the literature on organizational collective action. First, it not only unifies a number of different process models of organizational collective action (see, e.g., Gray, 1985; Hargrave & van de Ven, 2006; Ring & van de Ven, 1994) within a single framework but also structures many of the enablers of organizational collective action that have been identified in the literature in a step‐by‐step “recipe that strings [the conditions] together in such a way as to tell the story of how [the outcome] occurs whenever it does occur” (Mohr, 1982, p. 37). Second, it has been noted that studies of the nonmonetary outcomes of collective action are rare (Arya & Lin, 2007; Todeva & Knoke, 2005)."	JASIST	
How are people enticed to disclose personal information despite privacy concerns in social network sites? The calculus between benefit and cost	"First, privacy concerns that inhibit giving information to SNS cannot be solved by solely approaching the problem from the point of view of privacy itself. This is not to suggest that SNS providers should ignore the proper installation of means for privacy control and related policies. Many people worry about the safety of their privacy, which will only increase as the amount of information required for better service and using various embedded applications increases. However, as the aforementioned survey by Harris Interactive and Westin (2008) and our additional analysis have shown, privacy concerns do not exist in inverse proportion to privacy controls: There is a limit to how comfortable privacy safeguards can make people feel. Therefore, SNS providers need to approach users' concerns from different angles and consider adding various features that can operate as enticements rather than focusing just on factors that mitigate privacy concerns. In designing SNS, these enticements can be reinforced by strengthening and adding new functions of SNS that correspond to the behavior enticements identified here. For example, if an SNS embeds the function of analyzing all the content that users have left in postings and replies and provides an up‐to‐date view of a user's self‐image mirrored in the space of SNS, the internalization enticement will be more powerful. For technology to draw users, it should go beyond its users' obvious needs and expectations and offer value and connections relevant to its users' personal goals (Khaslavsky & Shedroff, 1999). Therefore, rather than overly focusing on institutional safeguards to protect users' privacy, accommodating those enticements with the unique set of technological features will help SNS providers attract more users who seek to suit their needs in SNS."	JASIST	
How are people enticed to disclose personal information despite privacy concerns in social network sites? The calculus between benefit and cost	"Second, SNS service providers should increase the form and number of the features and services that can operate as the particular behavior enticements identified here so as to exceed the negative effect of these privacy concerns. Our findings suggest that privacy concerns are so strong that only the combination of several behavior enticements can motivate people to provide personal information despite them."	JASIST	
How are people enticed to disclose personal information despite privacy concerns in social network sites? The calculus between benefit and cost	"Third, our findings suggest that SNS providers should rely on people's own value systems to persuade them to use their offerings. Our findings show that the behavior enticements of the social influence process do have an effect on generating target behaviors."	JASIST	
"Correlations between user voting data, budget, and box office for films in the internet movie database"	We investigate whether there is a connection between user voting data and economic film characteristics.	JASIST	
"Correlations between user voting data, budget, and box office for films in the internet movie database"	"We perform distribution and correlation analysis on a set of films chosen to mitigate effects of bias due to the language and country of origin of films. Production budget, box office gross, and total number of user votes for films are consistent with double‐log normal distributions for certain time periods. Both total gross and user votes are consistent with a double‐log normal distribution from the late 1980s onward while for budget it extends from 1935 to 1979"	JASIST	
"Correlations between user voting data, budget, and box office for films in the internet movie database"	"In addition, we find a strong correlation between number of user votes and the economic statistics, particularly budget. Remarkably, we find no evidence for a correlation between number of votes and average user rating. Our results suggest that total user votes is an indicator of a film's prominence or notability, which can be quantified by its promotional costs."	JASIST	
Providing informational support in an online discussion group and a Q&A site: The case of travel planning	This study examines the ways in which informational support based on user‐generated content is provided for the needs of leisure‐related travel planning in an online discussion group and a Q&A site. Attention is paid to the grounds by which the participants bolster the informational support. The findings draw on the analysis of 200 threads of a Finnish online discussion group and a Yahoo! Answers Q&A (question and answer) forum.	JASIST	
Providing informational support in an online discussion group and a Q&A site: The case of travel planning	"Three main types of informational support were identified: providing factual information, providing advice, and providing personal opinion"	JASIST	
Providing informational support in an online discussion group and a Q&A site: The case of travel planning	"Finally, although providing personal opinions, the participants most often bolstered their views by articulating positive or negative evaluations of an entity."	JASIST	
Real‐time classification of Twitter trends	"This study attempts to address the dearth of research analyzing, characterizing, and classifying social trends in their early stage, with the aim of feeding systems that can benefit from real‐time knowledge. As such, it is not only relevant for researchers studying trends in social media, but also for developers who are eager to enhance their systems with real‐time data from social networks. The typology of trends and the methods introduced in this paper enable us to serve social trends of interest to different audiences: (a) the identification of trends categorized as news can help discover breaking news early on, which would considerably facilitate the task of tracking social media for journalists, which has become an important part of their daily newsgathering process (Zubiaga et al., 2013),"	JASIST	
Real‐time classification of Twitter trends	"(b) the identification of ongoing events can feed an event summarization system (e.g., Zubiaga, Spina, Amigó, & Gonzalo, 2012), which would quickly be informed that a new event of wide interest is going on and is potentially worth being summarized,"	JASIST	
Real‐time classification of Twitter trends	"(c) the identification of memes can be powerful input for marketing decisions (Williams, 2000), to find out the topics of interest and viral concepts emerging at that moment, as well as for researchers in the social sciences, to study the virality of ideas online, and"	JASIST	
Real‐time classification of Twitter trends	"(d) the identification of commemorative trends, which might often be known beforehand, might be interesting to mine and analyze to discover way they emerge, how they are spread, and what opinions or comments users associate with them (Pak & Paroubek, 2010)."	JASIST	
Seven dimensions of contemporary participation disentangled	"Our contribution here is to study the structure and function of forms of participation qua participation, rather than the global context of who is participating."	JASIST	
A novel approach to citation normalization: A similarity‐based method for creating reference sets	"The contribution of an article in a given reference set to the reference value is dependent on its degree of similarity to the assessed article. It is shown that reference values calculated by the similarity‐oriented approach are considerably better at predicting the assessed articles' citation count compared to the reference values given by the journal‐set approach, thus significantly reducing the variability in the observed citation distribution that stems from the variability in the articles' addressed subject matter."	JASIST	
Identifying ISI‐indexed articles by their lexical usage: A text analysis approach	"This research creates an architecture for investigating the existence of probable lexical divergences between articles, categorized as Institute for Scientific Information (ISI) and non‐ISI, and consequently, if such a difference is discovered, to propose the best available classification method."	JASIST	
Identifying ISI‐indexed articles by their lexical usage: A text analysis approach	Our findings indicate that the support vector machine identifies ISI‐indexed articles in both disciplines with higher precision than do the Naïve Bayesian and K‐Nearest Neighbors techniques.	JASIST	
Differences in citation impact across countries	"The two key findings are the following. First, country citation distributions are highly skewed and very similar to each other in all fields"	JASIST	
Differences in citation impact across countries	"Second, to a large extent, differences in country citation distributions can be accounted for by scale factors"	JASIST	
Eye‐tracking analysis of user behavior and performance in web search on large and small screens	"We analyze web searches with 2 task types on 2 differently sized screens: one for a desktop and the other for a mobile device. In addition, we examine the relationships between search performance and several search behaviors to allow further investigation of the differences engendered by the screens."	JASIST	
Eye‐tracking analysis of user behavior and performance in web search on large and small screens	"We found that users have more difficulty extracting information from search results pages on the smaller screens, although they exhibit less eye movement as a result of an infrequent use of the scroll function."	JASIST	
Eye‐tracking analysis of user behavior and performance in web search on large and small screens	"in terms of search performance, our findings suggest that there is no significant difference between the 2 screens in time spent on search results pages and the accuracy of finding answers. This suggests several possible ideas for the presentation design of search results pages on small devices."	JASIST	
Applying knowledge flow mining to group recommendation methods for task‐based groups	"In this work, I integrate the KF mining method and propose group‐based recommendation methods, including group‐based collaborative filtering (GCF) and group content‐based filtering (GCBF), to actively provide task‐related documents for groups. Experimental results show that the proposed methods have better performance than the personalized recommendation methods in recommending the needed documents for groups. Thus, the recommended documents can fulfill the groups' task needs and facilitate knowledge sharing among groups."	JASIST	
Using content and network analysis to understand the social support exchange patterns and user behaviors of an online smoking cessation intervention program	"In this study, we analyzed types and frequencies of informational and nurturant support exchanged in the QuitStop forum. The exchange patterns of social support and user exchange behaviors were extracted and analyzed. User interactions with informational and nurturant support exchange were explored within and between users in different groups of quit stages."	JASIST	
A taxonomy of antecedents to user adoption of health information systems: A synthesis of thirty years of research	This study proposes a reflective pause on the HIS adoption literature to broaden our understanding of factors contributing to the user adoption of electronic medical record (EMR).	JASIST	
A taxonomy of antecedents to user adoption of health information systems: A synthesis of thirty years of research	"The effectiveness of adoption theories has been explored based on the empirical results identified in the EMR research. Furthermore, according to the conceptualization of the factors in the literature, a list of 78 factors affecting EMR adoption was identified. These factors were classified to eight categories: individual factors, psychological factors, behavioural factors, environmental factors, organizational factors, financial factors, legal factors, and technical factors. The results have implications for researchers and practitioners, including policymakers, marketers, information technology (IT) professionals, health information management (HIM) practitioners, health practice managers, and EMR system developers."	JASIST	
Intimate partner violence online: Expectations and agency in question and answer websites	"This article presents the first situation‐rooted typology of intimate partner violence (IPV) postings in social question and answer (Q&A) sites. Survivors as well as abusers post high‐risk health, legal, and financial questions to Q&A sites; answers come from individuals who self‐identify as lawyers, experts, survivors, and abusers."	JASIST	
Intimate partner violence online: Expectations and agency in question and answer websites	"Using grounded theory this study examines 1,241 individual posts, each within its own context, raising issues of agency and expectations. Informed by Savolainen's everyday life information seeking (ELIS) and Nahl's affective load theory (ALT), the resultant Q&A typology suggests implications for IPV service design, policy development, and research priorities."	JASIST	
Data Practices and Curation Vocabulary (DPCVocab): An empirically derived framework of scientific data practices and curatorial processes	"The DPCVocab contributes to the general knowledge base on data production by moving beyond the generalities of previous models to provide a level of specification that is critical for curation services to truly support the way researchers work and the materials that they produce. This research was designed to expand our theoretical understanding of the relationships among scientific practices, data concepts, and curatorial functions and to produce a functional vocabulary empirically derived from original research and the existing relevant literature."	JASIST	
A fast method based on multiple clustering for name disambiguation in bibliographic citations	"we propose a novel coarse‐to‐fine framework for name disambiguation which sequentially employs 3 common and easily accessible attributes (i.e., coauthor name, article title, and publication venue)."	JASIST	
A fast method based on multiple clustering for name disambiguation in bibliographic citations	"Our proposed framework is based on multiple clustering and consists of 3 steps: (a) clustering articles by coauthorship and obtaining rough clusters, that is fragments;"	JASIST	
A fast method based on multiple clustering for name disambiguation in bibliographic citations	(b) clustering fragments obtained in step 1 by title information and getting bigger fragments	JASIST	
A fast method based on multiple clustering for name disambiguation in bibliographic citations	(c) and clustering fragments obtained in step 2 by the latent relations among venues. Experimental results on a Digital Bibliography and Library Project (DBLP) data set show that our method outperforms the existing state‐of‐the‐art methods by 2.4% to 22.7% on the average pairwise F1 score and is 10 to 100 times faster in terms of execution time.	JASIST	
"Research project tasks, data, and perceptions of data quality in a condensed matter physics community"	"This article contributes to these objectives by examining project tasks, perceptions of and priorities for data quality, and data management practices of a CMP community gathered around the National High Magnetic Field Laboratory (NHMFL). Findings of the study can be used by the laboratory and scientific funding agencies to provide the CMP community and other similar communities and laboratories with effective data curation infrastructure support."	JASIST	
Engaging and maintaining a sense of being informed: Understanding the tasks motivating twitter search	The contribution of this article lies primarily with the qualitative insights provided. The tasks we have reported on demonstrate a breadth of motivations for searching on Twitter that go beyond anything reported in the literature and have consequences for how we think about improving search facilities for social media and microblogging content.	JASIST	
Engaging and maintaining a sense of being informed: Understanding the tasks motivating twitter search	"The findings provide a more detailed and fine‐grained understanding of search motivations than previously reported and in the case of refinding tasks, the complementary approach allows data reported previously to be interpreted in a new light. The findings have implications for scholars interested in the more general field of information‐seeking literature. A final contribution of the article is a discussion of how our findings relate to this literature."	JASIST	
Struggling for space and finding my place: An interactionist perspective on everyday use of biomedical information	"we contribute novel insights regarding the use of information to manage social emotions such as shame, and to construct embodied knowledge that is mobilized in action to address disease‐related challenges. We thus offer an expanded conceptualization of information use that provides new directions for research and practice."	JASIST	
Struggling for space and finding my place: An interactionist perspective on everyday use of biomedical information	"We contribute a novel symbolic interactionist theoretical perspective to the field of information behavior in the process of investigating the following research question:
 How do patients with chronic conditions use biomedical information in everyday life interactions with the self and with their family members?"	JASIST	
Struggling for space and finding my place: An interactionist perspective on everyday use of biomedical information	Our theoretical contribution also includes an expansion of our collective conceptualization of information use in assertions of everyday authority	JASIST	
Struggling for space and finding my place: An interactionist perspective on everyday use of biomedical information	The present research also contributes theoretically to a growing dialogue regarding the relationship between information and embodiment in information studies	JASIST	
The principal‐agent problem in peer review	"This model predicts that for reviewers early in their careers, promotion‐based incentives may mean there is no need for within‐job incentives, but also that within‐job rewards for a referee's performance should depend on individual differences in ability and promotion opportunities."	JASIST	
An automatic method for extracting citations from Google Books	"The current study introduces, applies, and assesses a new automatic method to extract citations from GB to eliminate the human labor needed for the previously used method (in Kousha & Thelwall, 2009). Citations to about 14,500 BKCI‐indexed books were automatically extracted from GB using this method and compared with BKCI citations to identify the strengths and weaknesses of the two data sources."	JASIST	
Classifying scientific disciplines in Slovenia: A study of the evolution of collaboration structures	"Implications stemming from these results, especially with regard to classifying scientific disciplines, understanding the collaborative structure of science, and research and development policies, are discussed."	JASIST	
Information use and illness representations: Understanding their connection in illness coping	"This paper employed a two‐part approach to study how information use may affect illness representations. In Part 1, a model was developed to investigate the mechanism by which information use may affect illness representations over time."	JASIST	
Information use and illness representations: Understanding their connection in illness coping	"Part 2 examined differences in illness perceptions and information use across four participation styles: nonuse, lurking, infrequent posting, and frequent posting"	JASIST	
"Understanding review helpfulness as a function of reviewer reputation, review rating, and review depth"	"This article examines review helpfulness as a function of reviewer reputation, review rating, and review depth. In drawing data from the popular review platform Amazon, results indicate that review helpfulness is positively related to reviewer profile and review depth but is negatively related to review rating."	JASIST	
"Understanding review helpfulness as a function of reviewer reputation, review rating, and review depth"	"By highlighting its implications for theory and practice, the article concludes with limitations and areas for further research."	JASIST	
Exploiting named entities for bilingual news clustering	"The main contribution of this work is the bilingual news‐clustering algorithm, which shows significantly better results than other state‐of‐the‐art algorithms that also estimate the number of clusters."	JASIST	
The value of user feedback: Healthcare professionals' comments to the health information provider	"In addition to the theoretical and methodological contributions, this research adds to the literature by documenting the way that textual feedback data were used to optimize the content of an information resource. This contrasts with published studies that only dealt with the use of quantitative feedback by information providers not involved in content production."	JASIST	
The value of user feedback: Healthcare professionals' comments to the health information provider	"Overall, our findings contribute to the literature on user feedback management with empirical evidence indicating (a) the value of health professionals' feedback as perceived by a health information provider, and"	JASIST	
The value of user feedback: Healthcare professionals' comments to the health information provider	"(b) four types of realistic value: (i) the inherent value being the fundamental enabler of realistic value, (ii) the intrinsic value as the feedback impacted the state‐of‐mind of the feedback user (i.e., clinical editors), (iii) the instrumental value leading to optimization of (information) products, and (iv) the contributory value in terms of facilitating organizational mandates and gaining a competitive edge"	JASIST	
Towards a framework for untangling complexity: The interprofessional decision‐making model for the complex patient	"the contribution of this research is revealed in the representation of decision factors in the context of an ICU of a tertiary hospital, as basis for the interprofessional analysis of patient safety and the quality of care."	JASIST	
Measuring academic influence: Not all citations are equal	"Our work determines the most effective features for identifying references that have high academic influence on the citing paper. An influential reference is one that inspired a new idea, method, experiment, or research problem that is a core contribution of the citing paper."	JASIST	
Measuring academic influence: Not all citations are equal	One of our most important contributions is to identify a set of four features that are particularly useful to determine influence	JASIST	
Measuring academic influence: Not all citations are equal	The main contribution of this paper is that we evaluate a wide range of different features for representing the paper–reference pairs. Finding good features is the key to successful prediction.	JASIST	
Personalizing news content: An experimental study	"We suggest that a personalized newspaper should contain both general information and personalized items, selected based on specific combinations of measures for each of the different news topics"	JASIST	
Personalizing news content: An experimental study	"Based on the findings, we present a general model to decide on the personalization of news content to generate personalized editions for readers."	JASIST	
Data mining from web search queries: A comparison of google trends and baidu index	"Findings from the study can potentially contribute to our knowledge of language processing, an issue that goes beyond Chinese."	JASIST	
Data mining from web search queries: A comparison of google trends and baidu index	"Our analysis showed that the disadvantage of Google Trends in this regard was due to Google's smaller user base in China. The implication of this finding goes beyond China. Google's user bases in many countries are smaller than that in China, so the search volume data related to those countries could result in the same issue as that related to China."	JASIST	
Combining lexical and statistical translation evidence for cross‐language information retrieval	"In this article, we make four principal contributions. First, we use Wikipedia together with a large MRD to couple the balanced translation coverage of our MRD with the richer proper name translation coverage of Wikipedia."	JASIST	
Combining lexical and statistical translation evidence for cross‐language information retrieval	"Second, we combine this translation evidence from lexical resources with statistical translation evidence from a relatively small parallel text collection, using a unified language‐modeling approach to weight the translation alternatives."	JASIST	
Combining lexical and statistical translation evidence for cross‐language information retrieval	"Third, we introduce a novel approach to posttranslation query expansion, using evidence assembled from the link structure of Wikipedia"	JASIST	
Combining lexical and statistical translation evidence for cross‐language information retrieval	"Fourth, using these techniques together, we demonstrate substantial and statistically significant improvements over the best, previously reported results for CLIR with English queries and Korean documents on a standard NII Testbeds and Community for Information Access Research (NTCIR) test collection"	JASIST	
Factors affecting rocchio‐based pseudorelevance feedback in image retrieval	"In this article, we examine these factors that affect the performance of Rocchio‐based PRF, including image‐feature representation, the number of top‐ranked images, the weighting parameters of Rocchio, and similarity measure."	JASIST	
Factors affecting rocchio‐based pseudorelevance feedback in image retrieval	We offer practical insights on how to optimize the performance of Rocchio‐based PRF by choosing appropriate representation choices.	JASIST	
"Personalizing information retrieval for multi‐session tasks: Examining the roles of task stage, task type, and topic knowledge on the interpretation of dwell time as an indicator of document usefulness"	"This study contributes to a better understanding of how dwell time can be used as implicit evidence of document usefulness, as well as how contextual factors can help interpret dwell time as an indicator of usefulness. These findings have both theoretical and practical implications for using behaviors and contextual factors in the development of personalization systems."	JASIST	
Improving image annotation via ranking‐oriented neighbor search and learning‐based keyword propagation	An effective image annotation approach is proposed by simultaneously improving both phases of the nearest‐neighbor–based scheme.	JASIST	
Improving image annotation via ranking‐oriented neighbor search and learning‐based keyword propagation	A novel RNSM is presented to directly optimize the ordering of all labeled images without going through the intermediate step of distance prediction.	JASIST	
Improving image annotation via ranking‐oriented neighbor search and learning‐based keyword propagation	A new LKPS strategy is introduced to learn a scoring function that evaluates the relevance of keywords according to their various relations with different neighbors.	JASIST	
Complementary QA network analysis for QA retrieval in social question‐answering websites	"(a) We provide a method for finding CQAs for a target QA,"	JASIST	
Complementary QA network analysis for QA retrieval in social question‐answering websites	"(b) we analyzed two types of CQAs, extended and partially complementary QAs, and"	JASIST	
Complementary QA network analysis for QA retrieval in social question‐answering websites	(c) we constructed a complementary QA network to find QAs that are indirectly complementary to the target QA.	JASIST	
Social impact of scholarly articles in a citation network	A mathematical treatment for the network approach to citation analysis	JASIST	
Social impact of scholarly articles in a citation network	The concept of “social impact” of an article and its measure that yields an effective way to analyze the influence of papers in a citation network	JASIST	
Social impact of scholarly articles in a citation network	The comparative study of the citation impact of a paper and its social impact	JASIST	
Exploring the knowledge development process of English language learners at a high school: How do English language proficiency and the nature of research task influence student Learning?	this study can contribute to enriching ISP‐based studies by adding insights on the information search process of a rapidly growing demographic—ELL students—which only a few ISP studies have focused on.	JASIST	
Exploring the knowledge development process of English language learners at a high school: How do English language proficiency and the nature of research task influence student Learning?	"Such studies contribute to understanding how different linguistic and cultural backgrounds impact people's information‐seeking behavior, and to enriching information behavior models and theories in that regard."	JASIST	
"Data, censorship, and politics: Analyzing the restricted flow of information in federal scientific policy development"	"This research suggests that the conceptual framework of information access (with physical, intellectual, and social components) and the theoretical framework of democratic accountability (although primarily normative) may be useful approaches to subsequent investigations of censorship and restricted access in other situations and research areas."	JASIST	
"Theorizing on the take‐up of social technologies, organizational policies and norms, and consultants' knowledge‐sharing practices"	A primary contribution of this research is a detailed contextualization of social technology uses by knowledge workers.	JASIST	
A profile‐boosted research analytics framework to recommend journals for manuscripts	"First, a novel three‐dimensional research analytics framework that holistically considers relevance, productivity, and connectivity to provide effective journal recommendation is developed."	JASIST	
A profile‐boosted research analytics framework to recommend journals for manuscripts	"Second, this research is the first attempt to employ two‐mode research collaboration network analysis in the research recommendation environment."	JASIST	
The triple helix and international collaboration in science	"Considering how scientific collaboration is actually initiated, this study focuses on the organization and sector levels of international coauthorship networks, going beyond a country‐level description"	JASIST	
Last but not least: Additional positional effects on citation and readership in arXiv	"We continue investigation of the effect of position in announcements of newly received articles, a single day artifact, with citations received over the course of ensuing years. Earlier work focused on the “visibility” effect for positions near the beginnings of announcements, and on the “self‐promotion” effect associated with authors intentionally aiming for these positions, with both found correlated to a later enhanced citation rate. Here we consider a “reverse‐visibility” effect for positions near the ends of announcements, and on a “procrastination” effect associated with submissions made within the 20 minute period just before the daily deadline"	JASIST	
"Co‐citation analysis, bibliographic coupling, and direct citation: Which citation approach represents the research front most accurately?"	"In this study we compare the accuracies of cluster solutions of a large corpus of 2,153,769 recent articles from the biomedical literature (2004–2008) using four similarity approaches: co‐citation analysis, bibliographic coupling, direct citation, and a bibliographic coupling‐based citation‐text hybrid approach."	JASIST	
A comparison of two techniques for bibliometric mapping: Multidimensional scaling and VOS	"In our theoretical analysis, we show the mathematical relation between the two techniques."	JASIST	
A comparison of two techniques for bibliometric mapping: Multidimensional scaling and VOS	"In our empirical analysis, we use the techniques for constructing maps of authors, journals, and keywords."	JASIST	
Power law distributions in information science: Making the case for logarithmic binning	We suggest partial logarithmic binning as the method of choice for uncovering the nature of many distributions encountered in information science (IS). Logarithmic binning retrieves information and trends “not visible” in noisy power law tails.	JASIST	
Power law distributions in information science: Making the case for logarithmic binning	We also argue that obtaining the exponent from logarithmically binned data using a simple least square method is in some cases warranted in addition to methods such as the maximum likelihood	JASIST	
Power law distributions in information science: Making the case for logarithmic binning	"We also show why often‐used cumulative distributions can make it difficult to distinguish noise from genuine features and to obtain an accurate power law exponent of the underlying distribution. The treatment is nontechnical, aimed at IS researchers with little or no background in mathematics."	JASIST	
The effect of folder structure on personal file navigation	"The aims of our research were therefore to study users' folder structure, personal file navigation, and the relations between them."	JASIST	
The effect of folder structure on personal file navigation	We therefore found the users' decision to avoid both deep structure and large folders to be adaptive	JASIST	
The effect of folder structure on personal file navigation	"Finally, we used a predictive model to formulate the effect of folder depth and folder size on retrieval time, and suggested an optimization point in this trade‐off."	JASIST	
Requirements and use of in‐service information in an engineering redesign task: Case studies from the aerospace industry	This article aims at identifying what parts of this in‐service information are required when components or systems of existing engines need to be redesigned because they have not performed as expected in service	JASIST	
Requirements and use of in‐service information in an engineering redesign task: Case studies from the aerospace industry	"In addition, this article aims at understanding how designers use this in‐service information in a redesign task."	JASIST	
Requirements and use of in‐service information in an engineering redesign task: Case studies from the aerospace industry	"The findings show that the in‐service information accessed by the designers mainly contains the undesired physical actions (e.g., deterioration mechanisms, deterioration effects, etc.) and the causal chains of these undesired physical actions"	JASIST	
Requirements and use of in‐service information in an engineering redesign task: Case studies from the aerospace industry	We identified a pattern in the designers' actions regarding the use of these causal chains. The designers have generated several solutions that utilize these causal chains seen in the in‐service information.	JASIST	
Requirements and use of in‐service information in an engineering redesign task: Case studies from the aerospace industry	The findings provide a sound basis for developing tools and methods to support designers in effectively satisfying their in‐service information requirements in a redesign task.	JASIST	
The effect of spelling and retrieval system familiarity on search behavior in online public access catalogs: A mixed methods study	"The results of this study have implications for spell checking, user‐focused OPAC design, and cataloging. Students' search behaviors are discussed by expanding Thatcher's (2006) Information‐Seeking Process and Tactics for the WWW model to include OPACs."	JASIST	
Member activities and quality of tags in a collection of historical photographs in Flickr	This article presents an analysis of Flickr member discussions around the photographs of the Library of Congress photostream in Flickr.	JASIST	
Member activities and quality of tags in a collection of historical photographs in Flickr	The article also reports on an analysis of the intrinsic and relational quality of the photostream tags relative to two knowledge organization systems: the Thesaurus for Graphic Materials (TGM) and the Library of Congress Subject Headings (LCSH).	JASIST	
Member activities and quality of tags in a collection of historical photographs in Flickr	This suggests that these terms could be complimentary to more traditional methods of indexing using controlled vocabularies	JASIST	
Influences of users' familiarity with visual search topics on interactive video digital libraries	"This study examines one user‐centered factor specifically, familiarity with visual search topics, to explore if and how this may be associated with other factors within an interactive video retrieval context."	JASIST	
Influences of users' familiarity with visual search topics on interactive video digital libraries	"Analysis revealed that topic familiarity was associated with other factors that were examined throughout this study, including user‐assessed and experimenter‐assessed topic completion ratios, opinions of the prototype system, and interaction behaviors."	JASIST	
Using structural information to improve search in Web collections	"In this work, we investigate the problem of using the block structure of Web pages to improve ranking results. Starting with basic intuitions provided by the concepts of term frequency (TF) and inverse document frequency (IDF), we propose nine block‐weight functions to distinguish the impact of term occurrences inside page blocks, instead of inside whole pages"	JASIST	
Using structural information to improve search in Web collections	. Our methods suggest that our block‐weighting ranking method is superior to all baselines across all collections we used and that average gain in precision figures from 5 to 20% are generated.	JASIST	
A new context‐dependent term weight computed by boost and discount using relevance information	The important contribution of this work is the demonstration of the effectiveness of context‐dependent term weights as compared with traditional TF–IDF weights	JASIST	
A new context‐dependent term weight computed by boost and discount using relevance information	"We studied a new class of context‐dependent term weights in IR. While traditional TF–IDF term weights of a term t depends only on the occurrence statistics of the term itself, the new weighting additionally reflects the probability of relevance of the document‐contexts of the term"	JASIST	
A new context‐dependent term weight computed by boost and discount using relevance information	We introduced a B&D procedure to compute the new term weights in the setting of RF	JASIST	
A new context‐dependent term weight computed by boost and discount using relevance information	We performed extensive experiments to evaluate the effectiveness of the new term weights as compared with the context‐independent BM25 weights	JASIST	
Adapting semantic natural language processing technology to address information overload in influenza epidemic management	"The objective of this project was to determine the feasibility of applying semantic natural language processing (NLP) technology to addressing this overload. The project characterizes concepts and relationships commonly used in disaster health‐related documents on influenza pandemics, as the basis for adapting an existing semantic summarizer to the domain."	JASIST	
Adapting semantic natural language processing technology to address information overload in influenza epidemic management	This suggests that existing semantic NLP algorithms can be adapted to support information summarization and visualization in influenza epidemics and other disaster health areas.	JASIST	
Sentiment strength detection in short informal text	"The main novel contributions of this article are a machine‐learning approach to optimize sentiment term weightings, methods for extracting sentiment from repeated‐letter nonstandard spelling in informal text, and a related spelling correction method."	JASIST	
Sentiment strength detection in short informal text	"In addition, we introduce a dual 5‐point system for positive and negative sentiment, a corpus of 1,041 MySpace comments for this system, and a new overall sentiment strength detection system that combines novel and existing methods."	JASIST	
Agency satisfaction with electronic record management systems: A large‐scale survey	"First, we respond to the importance of defining essential system success measures in e‐government. To analyze important determinants of agency satisfaction, we develop a model that explains such satisfaction, thereby advancing understanding of crucial agency satisfaction drivers that warrant more attention from government administrators, researchers, and practitioners"	JASIST	
Agency satisfaction with electronic record management systems: A large‐scale survey	"Second, whereas most previous e‐government research concentrates on citizens' satisfaction with novel and voluntary e‐government services, we target agency satisfaction with an e‐government system administratively mandated by the central government. Thus, we emphasize the important role of regulatory compliance and empirically test its influences on an agency's assessment of an ERMS by noting its relevance to the agency's record management activities and tasks. We also examine the impacts of regulatory compliance on agency satisfaction with support services, an important form of organizational support for the effective use of e‐government systems. Our research, thus, represents a point for departure for continued conceptual analyses and empirical testing of the role and impacts of regulatory compliance on e‐government system success."	JASIST	
Agency satisfaction with electronic record management systems: A large‐scale survey	"Third, our study offers empirical evidence of the significance of job relevance and satisfaction with support services with respect to agency satisfaction with ERMS."	JASIST	
Distribution of cognitive load in Web search	"This article contributes to a better understanding of cognitive load measurement by showing that measures of average cognitive load tend to be sensitive to dynamic changes in task demands, such as the changes between task stages, even when they are not sensitive to the differences at a higher granularity level, such as the changes between tasks"	JASIST	
Distribution of cognitive load in Web search	"This finding explains why Schmutz et al. (2009) and our earlier analysis (Gwizdka, 2009) did not find significant relationships between secondary task reaction times averaged at the task level."	JASIST	
Transitions in search tactics during the Web‐based search process	"Compared with previous research on search strategies, a significant contribution of this study lies in the findings that show corresponding typical patterns of tactics to account for participants' sequential movements in detail. This offers opportunities for researchers to understand the nature of search behaviors as well as to make concrete suggestions for IR system design to support these strategies."	JASIST	
Transitions in search tactics during the Web‐based search process	"First, users do apply multiple search tactics in the search process, and call for the need for IR system design to support multiple search tactics instead of just query formulation. This study not only identifies the most and least frequently applied search tactics but also reveals the reasons behind the findings. It shows that users and IR systems co‐determine the application of search tactics, which offers tangible design principles to support different types of search tactics"	JASIST	
Transitions in search tactics during the Web‐based search process	"Second, the identification of the most frequent and most probable tactic transitions illustrates the key part of the Web search process. The results suggest that it is not enough to support each type of search tactic. Moreover, the design of IR systems needs to facilitate essential transitions and reduce unnecessary transitions"	JASIST	
Transitions in search tactics during the Web‐based search process	"Third, the most important contribution of this study is the identification of search strategies that are different from those found in previous research. By analyzing the sequential transitions of search tactics, these search strategies represent the most common patterns of search‐tactic transitions at different phases within a search session."	JASIST	
Dimensions and elements of people's mental models of an information‐rich Web space	"This study employed a new method, concept listing, to elicit people's mental models of an information‐rich space, MedlinePlus, after they interacted with the system for 5 minutes. Thirty‐eight undergraduate students participated in the study. The results showed that, in this short period of time, participants perceived MedlinePlus from many different aspects in relation to four components: the system as a whole, its content, information organization, and interface."	JASIST	
Information sources and perceived success in corporate finance	"The principal finding of this study is that perceptions of work success and specific types of information sources contributing to the success are related. The correlations are complex, and very different types of information sources contribute to individual types of success, and vice versa."	JASIST	
A comparative study of Flickr tags and index terms in a general image collection	"The results show that there is a fundamental difference between the types of tags and types of index terms used. In light of this, implications for research into and design of user‐centered image indexing tools and systems are discussed."	JASIST	
Participatory design of a health informatics system for rural health practitioners and disadvantaged women	"This article reports results of formative research conducted as part of a larger study focused on the participatory development of an electronic reminder system for breast cancer screening. The article discusses insights gained from focus groups with rural patients and clinicians about their information needs, breast cancer screening behaviors, barriers to care, and mammography referral practices."	JASIST	
Selecting negative examples for hierarchical text classification: An experimental comparison	"The main goal of our work was instead to clarify the relative merits of policies which, to date, had never been compared experimentally in a systematic way."	JASIST	
Retrieval effectiveness of machine translated queries	"This article describes and evaluates various information retrieval models used to search document collections written in English through submitting queries written in various other languages, either members of the Indo‐European family (English, French, German, and Spanish) or radically different language groups such as Chinese"	JASIST	
Retrieval effectiveness of machine translated queries	"In this study, mean average precision is used to measure variances in retrieval effectiveness when a query language differs from the document language. Although performance differences are rather large for certain languages pairs, this does not mean that bilingual search methods are not commercially viable. Causes of the difficulties incurred when searching or during translation are analyzed and the results of concrete examples are explained."	JASIST	
Scientific impact at the topic level: A case study in computational linguistics	"In this article, we propose to apply the topic model and topic‐level eigenfactor (TEF) algorithm to assess the relative importance of academic entities including articles, authors, journals, and conferences."	JASIST	
Scientific impact at the topic level: A case study in computational linguistics	Experiments on a computational linguistics corpus show that the method is a useful and promising measure to assess scientific impact.	JASIST	
Fine‐grained opinion mining by integrating multiple review sources	"In this article, the authors study how to automatically mine product features and opinions from multiple review sources."	JASIST	
Fine‐grained opinion mining by integrating multiple review sources	"Specifically, they propose an integration strategy to solve the issue. Within the integration strategy, the authors mine domain knowledge from semistructured reviews and then exploit the domain knowledge to assist product feature extraction and sentiment orientation identification from unstructured reviews"	JASIST	
Fine‐grained opinion mining by integrating multiple review sources	"Finally, feature‐opinion tuples are generated. Experimental results on real‐world datasets show that the proposed approach is effective."	JASIST	
Analyzing URL queries	"This study investigated a relatively unexamined query type, queries composed of URLs. The extent, variation, and user click‐through behavior was examined to determine the intent behind URL queries"	JASIST	
Analyzing URL queries	The study made use of a search log from which URL queries were identified and selected for both qualitative and quantitative analyses. It was found that URL queries accounted for ∼17% of the sample.	JASIST	
Analyzing URL queries	Classification indicated that nearly 86% of queries were navigational in intent with informational and transactional queries representing about 7% of URL queries each. This is in contrast to past research that suggested that URL queries were 100% navigational.	JASIST	
Analyzing URL queries	The conclusions of this study are that URL queries are relatively common and that simply returning the page that matches a user's URL is not an optimal strategy.	JASIST	
Social network site changes over time: The case of MySpace	This article analyzes changes in MySpace self‐reported member demographics and behavior from 2007 to 2010 using four large samples of members and focusing on the United States.	JASIST	
The absence of creativity in Feist and the computational process	"The concern of this article is with rigorously establishing an understanding of the extreme absence of creativity, primarily through the correlations with aspects of computability. The understanding established is consistent with the other elements of the not original."	JASIST	
The absence of creativity in Feist and the computational process	"It also revealed as testable under real‐world conditions. The possibilities for understanding insufficient creativity, a minimal degree of creativity, and originality, from the understanding developed of the extreme absence of creativity, are indicated."	JASIST	
"Citation, obliteration, and plagiarism, as discussed in ancient Jewish sources"	This detective work led to the discovery that Devek Tov was itself obliterated by incorporation into a later commentary on the Pentateuch.	JASIST	
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	"Extend and evaluate existing text‐mining techniques to retrieve age, gender, and narrative from OSG text."	JASIST	
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	Design and develop a layer for extraction of knowledge from OSGs by integrating the above techniques with domain ontologies.	JASIST	
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	"Evaluate relevance, reliability, and demonstrate the usefulness of the knowledge extraction layer using an active OSG containing 800,000 posts by 72,066 participants."	JASIST	
PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking		JASIST	
	"A novel semantic interpretable framework is proposed, which can reveal the key factors in certain image ranking tasks;"	JASIST	
PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking		JASIST	
	"with the attribute based representation and supervised constrained clustering methods, we can reduce the dimensions of both the feature space and searching space significantly, and hence obtain a fast solution to the fine‐grained image ranking problem;"	JASIST	
PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking		JASIST	
	"combining multiple local rankers via the proposed probabilistic framework helps our solution overcome the disadvantages of global and local models, and achieve the state‐of‐the‐art performance on the benchmark for fine‐grained image ranking problem."	JASIST	
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Identifying reader characteristics.	JASIST	
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Illustrating the relationships between factors.	JASIST	
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Having the flexibility to build in different types of factors.	JASIST	
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Enabling the further exploration of interactions between these factors.	JASIST	
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	we enrich scientific literature on the generative role of the sociotechnical architecture for combinatorial processes in collective user‐driven design.	JASIST	
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	we enrich the literature on collective design and knowledge reuse	JASIST	
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	This article guides practitioners in preparing and implementing an open data contest from an organizational and technical view	JASIST	
If these crawls could talk: Studying and documenting web archives provenance	The article contributes a systematic approach to empirical work that captures choices in context	JASIST	
If these crawls could talk: Studying and documenting web archives provenance	facilitates the study of the impact of specific technical system on curatorial choices.	JASIST	
Retrieving people: Identifying potential answerers in Community Question‐Answering	"Empirical: Analyzing the characteristics of CQA sites: We present a large‐scale analysis of two popular CQA sites—Yahoo! Answers and Stack Overflow—to observe their similarities and differences. Yahoo! Answers is a general purpose CQA site, whereas Stack Overflow is a focused CQA revolving around programming‐related content."	JASIST	
Retrieving people: Identifying potential answerers in Community Question‐Answering	Theoretical: Proposing an efficient algorithm to find potential answerers: We propose a new method to find potential answerers in CQA.	JASIST	
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Introducing diffusion‐of‐innovations theory as a tool for analyzing the dynamic process of citation;	JASIST	
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Exploring how diffusion patterns influence scientific impact; and	JASIST	
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Providing a simple method for roughly estimating a article's present status and potential in garnering scientific impact.	JASIST	
MF‐Re‐Rank: A modality feature‐based Re‐Ranking model for medical image retrieval	the findings reveal that modality features are crucial information for medical image retrieval.	JASIST	
A fuzzy clustering‐based denoising model for evaluating uncertainty in collaborative filtering recommender systems	determining the proportion of potentially noisy ratings by empirically categorizing the entropy and evaluation metrics	JASIST	
A fuzzy clustering‐based denoising model for evaluating uncertainty in collaborative filtering recommender systems	detecting the natural noise by grouping the behaviors of users into several clusters	JASIST	
Identifying bacterial biotope entities using sequence labeling: Performance and feature analysis	The comparison of different machine learning methods provides insights on model selection for bacterial and potentially other biotope entity recognition tasks.	JASIST	
Identifying bacterial biotope entities using sequence labeling: Performance and feature analysis	"The investigation on the performance impact of different features separates robust features from others, reveals rather dramatic effects of some features on certain methods, and sheds lights on the relative usefulness of word clusters built from task‐specific versus more general corpus using a traditional clustering method vs. a newer word embedding approach."	JASIST	
Modeling citation dynamics of “atypical” articles	we contribute a modeling framework for the analysis of atypical citation patterns in articles	JASIST	
"Adaptation, translation, and validation of information literacy assessment instrument"	The current research has contributed to the field of measurement.	JASIST	
"Adaptation, translation, and validation of information literacy assessment instrument"	The present study has demonstrated that the adapted and translated TRAILS can be used as a valid and reliable instrument for secondary school students’ information literacy assessment.	JASIST	
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that studies page depth‐level dwell time prediction. We define a new problem in viewability prediction in order to build new ad pricing standards."	JASIST	
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	"We are the first to propose predictive models based on FM and FFM to solve this new problem, and we show that our proposed models outperform other comparison methods."	JASIST	
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	We demonstrate that adding time series information can further improve the model performance.	JASIST	
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	We also present the analysis of feature combinations and provide insights on publishers' ad business strategies.	JASIST	
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	"We propose an intrinsic IC‐based information theoretic SS calculator for measuring the SS between two concepts of an ontology. To build our similarity model, we use our proposed DCS."	JASIST	
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	We also propose an algorithm for finding the members of DCS. The accuracy of the proposed SS calculator is assessed thoroughly using a variety of benchmark data sets.	JASIST	
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	"We also bring three different ontologies, namely, WordNet,1 SNOMED‐CT,2 and MeSH (Hliaoutakis, 2005) from different domains under one umbrella to evaluate our proposed SS calculation model as well as state‐of‐the‐art models."	JASIST	
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	How do researchers use RIMSs? For what activities do researchers use online RIMSs?	JASIST	
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	"What are the relationships among those activities, researchers' characteristics, and the extent of researchers' RIMS use?"	JASIST	
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	What are researchers' reasons for not having a public RIMS profile?	JASIST	
The impact of classification systems in the evaluation of the research performance of the Leiden Ranking universities	"comparing the consequences for the ranking of the 500 universities in the 2013 edition of the Leiden Ranking in two cases: (i) using a WoS journal‐level classification system with 236 categories versus the G8 publication‐level system based on the Waltman and Van Eck (2012) approach with 5,119 clusters, and (ii) using the G6 publication‐level system with 1,363 clusters versus the G8 system of the same family."	JASIST	
Information triangulation: A complex and agentic everyday information practice	"This paper examines the emergent concept of information triangulation in everyday life, using data from the young parent study"	JASIST	
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	"we hypothesize that user geolocation will be improved by discriminating among different types of highly‐mentioned users (celebrities). To this end, we propose a clustering‐based approach to categorize celebrities into Local and Global types based on social network information"	JASIST	
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	"we demonstrate that Local celebrities are good location predictors for their ego networks (i.e., the part of network directly connected to them) whereas the Global celebrities have adverse effects on geolocation inference. We use a label propagation algorithm to propose a network‐based approach in which the underlying network is based on filtering celebrities, and show that it outperforms the state‐of‐the‐art network‐based approaches over three standard Twitter data sets"	JASIST	
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	we demonstrate that combining a text‐based back‐off strategy and the proposed network‐based approach achieves better results than other geolocation inference methods.	JASIST	
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	this study is the first to integrate online communities in the study of healthcare gaps between urban and rural areas in China.	JASIST	
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	"our work proves the social value of online communities, which further enriches research on the value creation of online communities."	JASIST	
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	"ERGM, which is used as an empirical approach, is an extraordinarily advanced method for analyzing complex networks and overcoming the main limitation of traditional analytical tools."	JASIST	
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	"How does SNS use affect users' psychological well‐being? Subsequently, this review also aimed to identify"	JASIST	
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	"which variables have been used to measure the use of SNSs and users' psychological well‐being,"	JASIST	
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	"What SNS platforms have been studied, and (iv) what research methods and theories were used in the reviewed studies."	JASIST	
Defining textual entailment	exposing the shortcomings of the definitions offered by Dagan and collaborators	JASIST	
Defining textual entailment	articulating an improved definition that avoids these shortcomings	JASIST	
Defining textual entailment	defending our preferred definition against a range of objections.	JASIST	
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	the findings specify the nature of information‐seeking process by identifying two fundamental aspects making such processes intelligible	JASIST	
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	the study demonstrated that the above aspects have been conceptualized differently from the stage‐based and cyclic viewpoints.	JASIST	
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	"the findings highlight that cyclic models emphasizing the importance of feedback loops have gained more popularity, whereas the interest in the development of stage‐based approaches has decreased since the 1990s"	JASIST	
Managing Hypervisibility in the HIV Prevention Information‐Seeking Practices of Black Female College Students	Our findings contribute to human information behavior scholarship on marginalized groups.	JASIST	
Managing Hypervisibility in the HIV Prevention Information‐Seeking Practices of Black Female College Students	study contributes to understanding how Black women adopt self‐protective behaviors to avoid stigma in the context of HIV prevention information seeking.	JASIST	
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	This research contributes to the understanding of humanities scholars' research practices that consist of new and old techniques and unique and ubiquitous tools.	JASIST	
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	This research contributes to our understanding of what it means to be a humanities scholar working in the digital age.	JASIST	
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	this research contributes to the recognition of the split between scholars who use tools to general visual outputs that provide new insights into texts and those who use tools to generate numeric outputs for further quantitative analysis.	JASIST	
A new approach to web co‐link analysis	the contribution of the study is to propose and test the feasibility of the new approach which has the potential of reviving co‐link analysis by mitigating the problem of the lack of co‐link data in recent years.	JASIST	
On the differences between citations and altmetrics: An investigation of factors driving altmetrics versus citations for finnish articles	"The findings from this study can contribute to the continued development of theoretical models and methodological developments associated with capturing, interpreting, and understanding altmetric events."	JASIST	
Which domains do open‐access journals do best in? A 5‐year longitudinal study	This study also makes a novel contribution by revealing the dynamic characteristics of open‐access journals with respect to their scientific impact.	JASIST	
Art in an algorithm: A taxonomy for describing video game visual styles	This study presents a taxonomy of video game visual styles constructed from the findings of a 22‐participant cataloging user study of visual styles.	JASIST	
A twitter case study for assessing digital sound	"contribute to the understanding of a text analysis approach to the study of references to sound recordings, and by extension, to other arts and humanities outputs."	JASIST	
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	our study demonstrates that shared leadership helps to determine whether trust translates into more satisfaction	JASIST	
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	"our findings show that shared leadership, unlike trust, is not related to autonomy, but, similar to trust, autonomy is positively related to satisfaction when shared leadership is low."	JASIST	
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	this study identifies the theoretical linkage between shared leadership and the performance of virtual teams.	JASIST	
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Improved topic representation. We used an English lexical database, WordNet, along with the set of hashtags that exists in the corpus, to improve the set of keywords representing every topic by emphasizing the importance of distinctive terms in the distribution of every topic over the vocabulary of terms. Experimental results suggest that our method provides the user with better sets of keywords to represent each topic than does Twitter‐LDA, and it improves the user's interpretation of the detected topics."	JASIST	
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Customized taxonomy for a specific domain. Our proposed approach can be used to dynamically build a customized taxonomy for a specific domain. To illustrate this capability, we chose fashion as the domain in this study. Specifically, we use the maximal frequent itemsets extracted from the corpus to dynamically build a customized version of WordNet that contains fashion‐related terms. The customized WordNet can be used in different text mining tasks."	JASIST	
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	Adjustment of the number of detected topics. We propose a mechanism to automatically adjust the number of topics to be presented to the user by merging topics represented by similar sets of keywords into a single topic. Experimental results suggest that the coherence of the merged topics is better than the coherence of the original topics.	JASIST	
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Exploring changes of fashion topics over time. To illustrate the capability of the proposed method, we evaluate the method by exploring the fashion topics and showing how they were covered over time and how specific users covered these topics by their tweets. Finally, we evaluate our method on two datasets collected from Twitter. The results obtained from the experiments show that our method is better than the original Twitter‐LDA in terms of perplexity and topic coherence and provides better results in terms of the quality of the detected topics."	JASIST	
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	our focus on the special SNS discontinuance phenomenon—user exodus—contributes to the IT discontinuance literature.	JASIST	
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	our research offers a much more comprehensive view of users’ abandonment of SNS.	JASIST	
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	"from a methodological perspective, this research adopted a mixed‐method approach combining laddering interview and network analysis."	JASIST	
The Closer the Better: Similarity of Publication Pairs at Different Cocitation Levels	explore the implications of cocitations at different levels of granularity	JASIST	
Measuring the diffusion of an innovation: A citation analysis	"These findings thus contribute to the literature on the dynamic phases found in innovation diffusion. Also, topic‐level studies are found to play a critical role in bringing more granular perspectives to the existing co‐occurrence‐based analyses"	JASIST	
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A comprehensive analysis of our latent model performance. This analysis focused on comparison with representative baselines and on importance of components and features of our model. By comparing our model with best baseline in wikification using a sample of articles extracted from Wikipedia, we observed a gain up to 13% in the F1 score. Regarding the importance, we show that despite that the fact that the predictor based on link features (dyadic predictor) presents the best performance among the predictors, the combination of latent and dyadic predictors indicates they carry complementary information. Besides, we show which dyadic features contribute the most."	JASIST	
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A study on the impact of ambiguous concepts on the proposed model. We observed a steady performance of the model independently from the degree of ambiguity of the concepts, even though no explicit disambiguation process is carried out. The same behavior was observed for the latent component, which suggests that the model naturally deals with ambiguity."	JASIST	
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A study on the impact of the quality of the training samples on the performance of the prediction. We observed that high quality training samples led to better results in terms of precision and overlinking. However, no relevant difference was observed between models trained with high‐quality and medium‐quality rated samples."	JASIST	
Collaborative exploratory search for information filtering and large‐scale information triage	"Our contribution is the hybrid strategy that we integrated into a real‐world setting, supported by qualitative results. Furthermore, this strategy is fully reproducible."	JASIST	
Online consumer reviews and sales: Examining the chicken‐egg relationships	Our article contributes to the online review literature by adding the time factor and examines to what extent the prior findings hold	JASIST	
Online consumer reviews and sales: Examining the chicken‐egg relationships	"Regarding research contributions, this study fills the gaps in the literature by contending the existence of a causality loop between online consumer reviews and sales."	JASIST	
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	A set of text distortion techniques (two of them newly introduced) are applied to AA tasks. The proposed techniques significantly enhance the effectiveness of existing AA methods in challenging conditions.	JASIST	
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"To the best of our knowledge, we systematically examine for the first time the most challenging case in AA, that is, cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution."	JASIST	
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"We demonstrate how the proposed text distortion techniques can be appropriately tuned to handle cross‐topic, cross‐genre, or cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution."	JASIST	
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"We show how the proposed text distortion techniques can be combined with two existing AA methods, an instance‐based approach and a profile‐based approach (Stamatatos, 2009)."	JASIST	
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	The differences between conversational and nonconversational genres are studied when performing cross‐topic or cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution.	JASIST	
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	the methodology for breaking down component effects and analyzing the GoPs across multiple evaluation measures;	JASIST	
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	"the GoPs themselves, a valuable resource that can also be exploited for other kinds of analyses and which is available to the research community.1 They also provide a very extensive sample of the most commonly used components for English retrieval;"	JASIST	
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	"the application of the proposed methodology to two different search tasks: news search and web search, and their thorough analysis to derive insights on English retrieval."	JASIST	
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"We propose to utilize the useful sequential correlations among the consecutive sentences to determine the authorial components and construct a two‐stage HMM called “SequentialUD” — Sequential Unsupervised Decomposition, to model the relationships between authorships and sentences."	JASIST	
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"To further boost the performance of this approach, a boosted HMM learning procedure is proposed. The initial classification results obtained using the statistically learned and preliminary HMM are used to create a labeled training dataset to learn a more accurate HMM."	JASIST	
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"Moreover, the contextual relationships among sentences are further utilized to refine the classification results and a refined version of the SequentialUD is proposed."	JASIST	
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	We formally introduce the location‐aware targeted influence (LTIM) problem and propose efficient solutions to solve this problem.	JASIST	
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	"To efficiently identify the targeted users and compute their preferences for given queries, we propose a TR‐tree index structure. By traversing the TR‐tree in depth‐first order, we can efficiently obtain the preferences of the targeted users."	JASIST	
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	"We propose two efficient approximation algorithms with  approximation ratio, which can efficiently find seeds by pruning a large number of candidate seeds with small influences, and a fast heuristic algorithm for seeds selection by using users' discount local influences."	JASIST	
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	We conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation on real‐world data sets. The experimental results show the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed algorithms.	JASIST	
Identifying functional aspects from user reviews for functionality‐based mobile app recommendation	The proposed solution can be implemented as an effective real‐world app RS helping users to discover apps that meet their requirements	JASIST	
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	"First, we investigate the result retrieval and query suggestion mechanisms employed by the current web search engines to solve FNAQs. We show that, although these mechanisms improve the result quality of FNAQs, the problem is far from being completely solved."	JASIST	
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	"Second, we investigate an extreme case of FNAQs: queries for which no result can be retrieved by the search engine. We refer to such queries as no‐answer queries (NAQs) and make the first attempt to characterize such queries through a user study and a quantitative analysis."	JASIST	
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	"Third, we build a machine‐learning model to predict the NAQs observed in a real‐life query log obtained from Yahoo! Web Search"	JASIST	
Trustworthiness attribution: Inquiry into insider threat detection	This article contributes a novel theoretical lens to examine dynamic insights on insider threat detection.	JASIST	
A bibliometric model for identifying emerging research topics	This analysis can also contribute to further examine whether the proposed criteria for identifying emerging topics are appropriate and generate meaningful results.	JASIST	
An analysis of the validity of retraction annotation in pubmed and the web of science	The aim of this work was to analyze in detail database inconsistencies as a contributing factor to the completeness and accuracy of retractions as a data basis in the databases PubMed and the WoS. The multiple segments of my study systematically revealed from different angles problems of completeness and consistency in PubMed and the WoS.	JASIST	
Data set mentions and citations: A content analysis of full‐text publications	This paper provides a comprehensive understanding of how data sets are used in science and helps institutions and publishers make useful data policies.	JASIST	
Metadata records machine translation combining multi‐engine outputs with limited parallel data	"It provided evidence and useful information about the performance of current MT technologies on metadata records, which is much needed by the digital library community in order to design and implement value‐added services, such as MLIA, for their digital collections. Especially, we found that MT strategies combining translation outputs from multiple low‐cost MT systems with a small, linguistically‐appropriate corpus could significantly improve translation performance."	JASIST	
Consumer valuation of personal information in the age of big data	This article contributes to a better understanding of a quantitative approach to pricing personal information.	JASIST	
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"the different types of publications one author has written play different roles in his/her collaborations, where the more papers she/he has collaborated with others as non‐first‐authors, the more likely he/she will gain more collaboration, whereas people prefer not to coauthor with those who have produced similar numbers of single‐authored publications."	JASIST	
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"The number of citations does not influence authors' collaboration preference, although sharing the same research interest or having the same gender is crucial for generating collaboration between two authors. An author's tendency to form new collaborations with her/his coauthors' collaborators is strong."	JASIST	
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"The more coauthors one author has, the more new collaborators he or she will attract."	JASIST	
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	"we examine the factors influencing multichannel access to physicians in the online health communities. Whereas previous studies discussed user adoption, we extend them to multichannel access in the online health community and investigate the impacts of both social influence and patients' rating."	JASIST	
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	"Second, we introduce social influence research in the field of online health communities and extend existing research that focuses on the physician's basic factors and platform's characteristics."	JASIST	
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	"Third, we contribute to the social influence literature by demonstrating the intraorganizational competitive relationship, which is denoted by the negative moderating effect of social influence on the relationship between patients' rating and multichannel access to the physician in the online health communities."	JASIST	
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"First, this study introduces a relatively comprehensive framework based on the knowledge power perspective. Although Internet search changes patients’ knowledge power (Lenert, 2009), our study analyzes its effect amidst other sources of knowledge power, including a physician's professional status, a patient's chronic conditions, and the execution of power through interaction quality. This framework suggests that the Internet search operates among other sources of knowledge powers to change the disparity. Overall, this framework can explain 37% of the variance in physician‐patient trust."	JASIST	
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Second, this study provides a contingent view of the effect of Internet search on physician‐patient trust. This view differs from prior studies that either stressed the benefit of Internet search (Chen, 2015) or raised concerns (Sharma, Xu, Wickramasinghe, & Ahmed, 2006). We found the effect is contingent on the consistency between patients’ self‐diagnosis and physician's diagnosis. The effect is particularly strong when patients search more. This finding helps to reconcile prior single‐sided observations."	JASIST	
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Third, this study compares the impact of Internet search and other knowledge sources. This study suggests that high‐touch is still a dominant factor in physician‐patient trust, whereas high‐tech plays a secondary role. A physician's explanation and feedback is still central to a patient's trust (Agius & Stangeland, 2016). Therefore, practitioners need not overreact to patients’ Internet search or regard it as a prominent challenge. On the other hand, this study confirms that physicians should not dismiss patients’ Internet search as trivial (Ahmad et al., 2006), especially when there is diagnosis inconsistency."	JASIST	
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Fourth, this study contributes to the Information Science (IS) literature in the domain of medical information. The IS literature has recognized the empowering nature of the Internet for patients (Jacobson, 2007). Jacobson (2007, p. 6) concluded that “whether health information found on the Internet is empowering for patients appears to depend on patients’ personal use of the information they retrieve as well as on physicians’ responses to these patients.” However, patients’ and physicians’ treatment of online information was treated as a black box. This study opens the black box by explaining how online information plays a part in their possession of knowledge."	JASIST	
Toward effective automated weighted subject indexing: A comparison of different approaches in different environments	The findings from this study contribute to more effective weighted subject indexing.	JASIST	
"Understanding the “expanded notion” of videogames as archival objects: A review of priorities, methods, and conceptions"	"The study aims to examine the drivers and motivations, selection of content and materials, and methods of archiving suggested in the archiving literature regarding the preservation of videogames in a generic sense (Table 3) and—which is of primary interest in the present paper and its principal knowledge contribution—as products of culture and social activity"	JASIST	
Information experience in personally meaningful activities	"In addition to conceptualizing personally meaningful information activities, this study contributes to information behavior theory more generally."	JASIST	
"Materiality in information environments: Objects, spaces, and bodies in three outpatient hemodialysis facilities"	"This study demonstrates the sociomateriality of IEs, and that OSB play key roles at multiple sociomaterial layers of IEs."	JASIST	
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	"updating PIM theories against the new technological background of ubiquitous self‐tracking technologies,"	JASIST	
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	"applying PIM concepts to understand how people interact with ATT,"	JASIST	
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	providing methodological recommendations on using photo elicitation to enhance qualitative interviews in information behavior research.	JASIST	
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"First, this study extends the previous information adoption models by considering the contingency effects of information type"	JASIST	
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"Second, this study theorizes and empirically tests the bias effects of heuristic processing and unconscious processing and identifies the boundary conditions under which bias effects occur. Previous information adoption models focused on the independent effects of different cognitive processes: heuristic processing versus systematic processing; and conscious processing and unconscious processing."	JASIST	
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"Third, this study reconciles the contradictory mechanisms of synergistic effects and identifies the boundary conditions under which different synergistic effects emerge."	JASIST	
The Things We Talk About When We Talk About Browsing: An Empirical Typology of Library Browsing Behavior	The major contribution of this article is a new typology of library browsing behavior based on recent observations of browsing behavior in libraries.	JASIST	
The Things We Talk About When We Talk About Browsing: An Empirical Typology of Library Browsing Behavior	The secondary contribution is an understanding of the interface features that would support these types of information browsers in an online environment.	JASIST	
The processes of maker learning and information behavior in a technology‐rich high school class	"In IS and LIS, this study deepens the knowledge on the integral role of information when people engage in creative production and learning. The findings show the processes of IB integrated in self‐directed, creative learning."	JASIST	
The processes of maker learning and information behavior in a technology‐rich high school class	"The study contributes to the maker and the larger STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math) learning scholarship by (i) illuminating the process of making, (ii) providing evidence on making as a learning process, and (iii) suggesting information‐literacy as critical skills for successful maker learning."	JASIST	
Places in Information Science	Our key contribution in this article is to clarify the notion of place from the perspective of its representation in information systems	JASIST	
Places in Information Science	"we go a step further than most previous work, and show how existing efforts to extract individual properties of places can be aligned with our model and, more important, how using this model allows us to derive a range of possible computations from place data."	JASIST	
Opinion convergence versus polarization: examining opinion distributions in online word‐of‐mouth	"First, we contribute to the debate on opinion diversity (polarization) vs opinion convergence, by highlighting that opinion polarization and opinion convergence differ on different online platforms."	JASIST	
Opinion convergence versus polarization: examining opinion distributions in online word‐of‐mouth	"Second, our research draws on impression management theory to explain when and why opinion polarization and opinion convergence tends to occur, showing the applicability of impression management theory in explaining consumers' behaviors online. In so doing, we contribute to the opinion dispersion literature by giving a glimpse into insights of why opinion dispersion might happen, and how online platforms might make a difference in influencing opinion dispersion"	JASIST	
The role of domain knowledge in document selection from search results	"By exploring the above‐described RQs, this research hopes to contribute to personalizing search results; for example, tailoring the rank and/or presentation of documents on the SERPs, based on users' DK levels."	JASIST	
An Investigation of the Impact of Data Breach Severity on the Readability of Mandatory Data Breach Notification Letters: Evidence From U.S. Firms	The study contributes to the information studies and impression management behavior literatures by analyzing linguistic cues in notifications following a data breach incident.	JASIST	
An Investigation of the Impact of Data Breach Severity on the Readability of Mandatory Data Breach Notification Letters: Evidence From U.S. Firms	"The article contributes to the information studies literature on detecting impression management, also referred to as self‐presentation, behavior of companies by analyzing linguistic cues in notification letters following a data breach incident."	JASIST	
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	"First, our study extends current understanding on data‐sharing business models by analyzing key dimensions such as value proposition, value architecture, value network, and finance in the context of data sharing."	JASIST	
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	"Second, our study advances existing data and information‐sharing research by uncovering how value is created and transferred in data sharing."	JASIST	
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	"Third, previous research on data sharing and data preservation has focused on tangible assets and their costs. Our results show the importance of intangible assets when pursuing data sharing."	JASIST	
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	A systematic study is presented that examines the usefulness of topic modeling when combined with author verification methods covering both instance‐based and profile‐based paradigms as well as both intrinsic and extrinsic paradigms. We focus on the two most well‐known topic modeling approaches: Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and examine their suitability for each author verification paradigm.	JASIST	
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	It is demonstrated that topic modeling can considerably increase the effectiveness of author verification methods when an appropriate topic modeling technique is selected and is adequately fine‐tuned.	JASIST	
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	We examine the effect of using either a limited set of documents or an enriched document collection to extract latent topics and it is demonstrated that the latter assists author verification methods to further increase their effectiveness.	JASIST	
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	"We report experimental results on benchmark data sets developed during the relevant PAN‐2014 and PAN‐2015 shared tasks in author verification that are directly compared with state‐of‐the‐art methods under the same settings. The performance of the methods presented in this study is quite competitive to the best results reported so far for these data sets, demonstrating that topic modeling can be an efficient and effective alternative to more sophisticated methods (for example, based on representation learning, distributed document representation, or neural network language models (Bagnall, 2015; Ding et al., 2019)) for the author verification task."	JASIST	
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	"We examine the effect of genre of external documents when extrinsic author verification methods are combined with topic modeling techniques. It is demonstrated that verification models based on genre‐agnostic external documents are very competitive, but they are outperformed by models using external documents of the same genre with that of the questioned documents."	JASIST	
Does the web of science accurately represent chinese scientific performance?	This study indicated that disciplines in Natural Sciences including Medical Science and Engineering exhibited a much higher level of overlap than those in Social Sciences and Humanities.	JASIST	
Integrating neurophysiologic relevance feedback in intent modeling for information retrieval	We demonstrate an approach able to predict implicit relevance feedback from human‐brain measurements in a realistic search scenario.	JASIST	
Integrating neurophysiologic relevance feedback in intent modeling for information retrieval	We present a first‐of‐its‐kind interactive IR system that combines brain‐based feedback and eye tracking with scarce explicit feedback for improved relevance predictions.	JASIST	
"Neuropsychological model of the realization of information need
Yashar Moshfeghi  Frank E. Pollick"	results add to our understanding of IN obtained from Moshfeghi et al. (2016) and contribute to a more holistic view of how IN is reflected in brain activity.	JASIST	
The relationships between health information behavior and neural processing in african americans with prehypertension	"Our findings further contribute to our understanding of the neurological mechanisms underlying information behavior and self‐management in general, and in a vulnerable population that has an increased risk for negative cardiovascular outcomes."	JASIST	
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"We introduced the multiscale framework, which facilitates the approximation of geometric invariants in a finite metric space; we proved the rate of convergence for the discretization schemes; and we showed the equivalence of different discretizations."	JASIST	
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"We found that geometric features from visual fixation sequences and EDA signals effectively predict user satisfaction, and the bootstrap analysis shows that the linear model fitted by the physiological features and behavioral features better explains query‐level user satisfaction than behavioral data alone."	JASIST	
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"Empirical studies suggest that these geometric invariants are robust across users (Table 7), tasks (Table 8), and various environmental stimuli."	JASIST	
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We introduce an algorithm that combines sentiment analysis with SI to model two important aspects of financial behaviors: investor sentiment and mood diffusion. Under the direction of behavioral financial theory, SI is mainly used to simulate the diffusion of influential opinions and its effect on user moods across the social network. More important, SI can help to resolve the problem caused by the disparity in frequency between weibo data and Hushen‐300 time series data. The latter are collected at 5‐minute intervals, and there is not always sufficient weibo data in a given 5‐minute interval to infer a mood."	JASIST	
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We incorporate GARCH with VAR regression (TM_STA) to detect correlation patterns between SI‐based Tencent moods and the Hushen‐300 indicator. This helps to verify that the proposed model can reflect investors' irrational behaviors in the stock market, and can help to explain unexplained fluctuations."	JASIST	
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We use three typical financial behavior theories, the Sheep‐Flock effect (Scharfstein & Stein, 1990), Positive feedback effect (De Long, Andrei, Sumlners, & Waldmann, 1990; Hirshleifer, Subrahmanyam, & Titman, 2002) and Optimistic Expectation theory (Blandchard & Woston, 1982) to explain our findings based on the proposed methodology. New experiments have been added to help test the possibility that each of the above theories is having an impact."	JASIST	
Let's Google: Uncertainty and bilingual search	"The current study contributes to knowledge of the digital user experience with a cross‐language search that may influence building digital resources with affordances for multilingual users.

"	JASIST	
Let's Google: Uncertainty and bilingual search	"Another contribution to digital libraries is that the user experience was found to consist of a dynamic flow of affect, cognition, and actions. While experimental systems exist, user‐centered system design does not currently support ACS dynamics."	JASIST	
A novel method for topic linkages between scientific publications and patents	"A novel statistical entity‐topic model, armed with the collapsed Gibbs sampling inference algorithm, is proposed to detect the hidden topics respectively from the scientific publications and patents;"	JASIST	
A novel method for topic linkages between scientific publications and patents	"In order to reduce the negative impact on topic similarity calculation from the different statements in the academic articles and patents, word tokens, and entity mentions are grouped by the Brown clustering method (Brown, deSouza, Mercer, Pietra, & Lai, 1992; Liang, 2005). And then topic linkages construction problem is transformed into the well‐known optimal transportation problem (Hillier & Lieberman, 1995; Rachev & Ruschendorf, 1998) after topic similarity is calculated on the basis of symmetrized Kullback–Leibler (KL) divergence. Finally, the experimental results and comparisons in different settings make clear that it is feasible to construct topic linkages between the scientific publications and patents mentioning many entities."	JASIST	
Ideation as an Intellectual Information Acquisition and Use Context: Investigating Game Designers' Information‐Based Ideation Behavior	"Our main contribution is an expansion of “context” in HIB research to incorporate intellectual purpose as an important type of information acquisition and use context. Examining HIB at this broader contextual level can provide a more holistic understanding of information behavior and a more focused understanding in specific intellectual contexts (in this case, ideation‐focused behavior)"	JASIST	
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	Development of multiobjective framework model based on evolutionary algorithm (EA) for community detection in SSNs considering both link density and the type of link information.	JASIST	
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	Design of matrix representation of chromosome with appropriate crossover and mutation operators.	JASIST	
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	"Consideration of three fundamental properties of a network as optimization criterias: Modularity, Frustration, Social Balance Factor"	JASIST	
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	"To contribute to the study of Web user behavior based on clickstream data, and to provide more applicable link‐prioritization guidelines, this study endeavors to resolve the following problems: Which links should be included on the homepage?"	JASIST	
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	Which links should be removed from the homepage and added as secondary links? (c) How should useful links be arranged? Which should be put first and which should be put at the end of the page?	JASIST	
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	How should useful links be arranged? Which should be put first and which should be put at the end of the page?	JASIST	
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	we contribute to the discussion of how to arrange the homepage links.	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	"our main contribution is the proposal of a general‐purpose text document representation based on a graph‐to‐vector framework, that: allows encoding document local structural information;"	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	is at the same time effective and efficient;	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	can be easily tailored to multiple usage scenarios.	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	"our contributions focus on the feature engineering component of textual mining solutions. As we shall see, our model allows for the use of different graph‐based textual document representations that encode order, proximity, and other types of relationships among terms."	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	A second contribution of this article relies on the instantiation of this generic framework for classification and retrieval applications.	JASIST	
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	"Finally, we introduce a new dissimilarity function, which is used to compute graph codebooks and to create bag‐based representations relying on the occurrence of “graph‐words” of the vocabulary."	JASIST	
PaperPoles: Facilitating adaptive visual exploration of scientific publications by citation links	(i) We propose a visual analytics system for seamlessly creating and refining complex positive and negative queries and a visualization showing both an aspect overview and relevance patterns of search results;	JASIST	
PaperPoles: Facilitating adaptive visual exploration of scientific publications by citation links	"(ii) We provide evidence that the visualization and interaction designed in the system can help searchers in exploratory search tasks, especially in complex tasks."	JASIST	
Automated language‐independent authorship verification (for Indo‐European languages)	"Methodology, which includes (i) the model of training examples, consisting of pairs of equal features of known and unknown documents,"	JASIST	
Automated language‐independent authorship verification (for Indo‐European languages)	"and (ii) the method of authorship verification according to the procedure described in the Experimental Setup section.
Improved results of authorship verification based on our methodology, obtained by strict cross‐validation testing, both for particular languages and for the multilingual scenario."	JASIST	
An analysis of natural disaster‐related information‐seeking behavior using temporal stages	"First, we provide a detailed description of natural disaster‐related ISB of people who experienced a large‐scale earthquake and tsunami, based on analysis of written testimonies published by local authorities. This provided insight into the relationship between information needs, channels, and sources of disaster‐related ISB. Also, our approach facilitates the study of ISB of people without Internet access both during and after a disaster."	JASIST	
An analysis of natural disaster‐related information‐seeking behavior using temporal stages	"Second, we provide empirical evidence to demonstrate that the temporal stages of a disaster can characterize people's ISB during the disaster."	JASIST	
CLEU ‐ A Cross‐language english‐urdu corpus and benchmark for text reuse experiments	we propose a cross‐language sentence/passage level text reuse corpus for the English‐Urdu language pair.	JASIST	
CLEU ‐ A Cross‐language english‐urdu corpus and benchmark for text reuse experiments	"we evaluate the Translation plus Mono‐lingual Analysis method using three sets of experiments on the proposed dataset to highlight its usefulness. Evaluation results (f1=0.732 binary, f1=0.552 ternary classification) indicate that it is harder to detect cross‐language real cases of text reuse, especially when the language pairs have unrelated scripts."	JASIST	
Motivations for self‐archiving on an academic social networking site: A study on researchgate	this study contributes to and improves our understanding of researcher motivations with regard to scholarly communication in social networks.	JASIST	
Motivations for self‐archiving on an academic social networking site: A study on researchgate	"Moreover, the motivational framework proposed in this study can be implemented in future investigations of users' motivations for information sharing in various contexts."	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"First, the use case illustrates that through the implementation of ontologies, organizations can maintain existing distributed data sources incorporating both structured and unstructured data sources, thereby providing a very real and tangible alternative to the need to pursue a strategy of both costly and time‐consuming migration to centralized data warehouses."	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Second, our research empirically validates the approach using a survey instrument, an integrated model of technology assessment and user satisfaction, and a series of semistructured interviews."	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Third, it extends the state of the art through illustrating the application of semantic technologies for financial services through the extension of bonds and equities in FIBO, extending FIBO to incorporate 62 extensions, encompassing a combination of classes and properties. These extensions are formally being adopted into a version of FIBO to be published in the near future."	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Finally, it contributes through extending and validating the power of inference engines for identifying and flagging data quality issues, thereby empirically validating their potential for addressing data quality issues."	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	we contribute to the conceptualization of unpublished modules extracting and categorizing terms in a conceptual model.	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	We also contribute to the formalization of the unpublished modules by reducing ambiguity in existing and duplicated terms as well as implementing conceptually present relationships and hierarchies.	JASIST	
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Furthermore, we contribute to the manipulation stage of published modules by implementing and testing SPARQL queries over the modules."	JASIST	
Create synergies and inspire collaborations around the development of intelligent infrastructure for human‐centered communities	"By stimulating collaborations across intellectual domains, this work contributes to the development of a vibrant sociotechnical network of IIHCC innovations."	JASIST	
Documentation and access to knowledge in online communities: Know your audience and write appropriately?	The study contributes with a dynamic perspective on communicative practices that consider an often‐uneven distribution of knowledge in virtual collaborations.	JASIST	
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	"(i) We apply the graph‐based method for readability assessment, which can make use of the interrelationship among documents to estimate their readability."	JASIST	
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	"(ii) We propose the coupled BoW model, which can be used to measure the similarity of documents on reading difficulty."	JASIST	
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	(iii) We propose a two‐view graph building strategy to make use of both the coupled BoW model and the linguistic features.	JASIST	
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	"(iv) We propose a reinforced label propagation algorithm, which can make use of the ordinal relation among reading levels. Extensive experiments were carried out on data sets of both English and Chinese."	JASIST	
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"First, the method described here can be adapted for any group of surnames, provided that group has identifiable morphological regularities."	JASIST	
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"Second, the method aims to identify heritage, and not ethnicity. In fact, as we specify later, most studies that address the issue of ethnicity, which is a biological feature, actually mean heritage, which is a sociocultural trait."	JASIST	
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"Third, we outline areas of interest in science and innovation that would benefit from using this method: (a) research on scientific mobility, (b) the role of persons with a particular heritage in global networks and interactions, (c) research on the impact of heritage diversity on creativity and innovation, and (d) the influence of heritage on academic behavior and strategies."	JASIST	
Do citation chimeras exist? The case of under‐cited influential articles suffering delayed recognition	Our investigation contributes to the classification of publications.	JASIST	
Simplified Scheme of Search Task Difficulty Reasons	"Theoretically, it provides a method to simplify a comprehensive scheme."	JASIST	
Simplified Scheme of Search Task Difficulty Reasons	"Practically, the quite concise eight‐item scheme provides a basis for predicting task difficulty reasons from observable search behaviors, which furthermore builds the basis for the system to offer corresponding assistance targeted specifically at reducing difficulties caused by the predicted difficulty reasons."	JASIST	
"Personalization of knowledge, personal knowledge ecology, and digital nomadism"	"First, it develops key conceptual constructs of KM relative to the emerging sociotechnical dynamics of independent workers."	JASIST	
"Personalization of knowledge, personal knowledge ecology, and digital nomadism"	"The second contribution advances social informatics research using an ecological perspective, which builds from Gibson's (1979) seminal work as well as the 30+ year stream of scholarship that followed (Bødker & Klokmose, 2012; Davison et al., 2013; e.g., Jung, Stolterman, Ryan, Thompson, & Siegel, 2008)."	JASIST	
Assembling narratives: Tensions in collaborative construction of knowledge	"First, by focusing the investigative probe on the areas of tension in situated heterogeneous scientific collaboration, it creates a typology of tensions."	JASIST	
Assembling narratives: Tensions in collaborative construction of knowledge	Second contribution of this study is the conceptualization of the outcome of scientific work as epistemic narratives and treating them as sociotechnical assemblages.	JASIST	
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"First, the four forms of knowledge embodiment are useful for further research on the topic"	JASIST	
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Second, this study shows that the social informatics perspective is invaluable to our understanding of AI technology."	JASIST	
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Third, this study contributes to the social informatics perspective and extends prior findings (Sawyer, 2005) by identifying that advanced technology like AI robotic systems can go beyond being a tool used by humans to become a more active, autonomous social actor."	JASIST	
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Fourth, our findings indicate new research questions for information science researchers."	JASIST	
Uncovering unintended and shadow practices of users of decision support system dashboards in higher education institutions	"One contribution that has emerged from this research is the concept of “shadow practices,” a useful way to understand how people in complex organizations engage with technologies in institutional and local networks."	JASIST	
Uncovering unintended and shadow practices of users of decision support system dashboards in higher education institutions	this study advances SI knowledge in two ways and advances current SI work that explores the complexity and nuances of the practices of social actors	JASIST	
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	the online knowledge space represents an important venue for practitioners to harness the wisdom of the crowd.	JASIST	
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	this study also provides some diagnostic tools for the practitioners to understand why people withhold their contribution efforts in online knowledge spaces.	JASIST	
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	Another important practical implication that emerged from this study is related to knowledge‐withholding acceptability.	JASIST	
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"First, my conceptualization of privacy and the empirical results contribute to a deeper understanding of the dialectics in privacy management."	JASIST	
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Second, this study helps explain the so‐called “privacy paradox” in the context of online social interactions, i.e., people say they are concerned about privacy online but act as if they are not."	JASIST	
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Third, this study supports the view that SNS platform designers should adopt privacy management approaches that go “beyond access control” (Mondal et al., 2014, p. 1)."	JASIST	
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Finally, conceiving privacy in relation to self‐identity helps avoid pitfalls in “normative and sometimes emotionally charged” privacy debates (Smith et al., 2011, p. 1003)."	JASIST	
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"We formally define, measure, and compare homogeneity and popularity biases in several widely used web platforms in five categories: e‐mail, online social networks, search engines, news recommenders, and Wikipedia. These categories represent a significant portion of online traffic and allow us to indirectly observe the effects of several distinct algorithms and mechanisms: retrieval, ranking, crowdsourcing, communication, and personalization. We apply these measures to click data, which capture information that is consumed by users; the same measures can be applied to different activities, such as social sharing."	JASIST	
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"In support of H1, we show that all investigated platforms are biased compared to a random baseline, but we find quantitative differences in bias measurements."	JASIST	
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"In support of H2, aggregate traffic analysis reveals that social media exhibit higher homogeneity bias than other platforms. However, they also exhibit higher popularity bias."	JASIST	
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"We refine previous results about the relationship between search traffic volume and domain rank; we find that user attention is biased toward popular websites according to the rich‐get‐richer structure of the web. However, contrary to H3, search engines exhibit less popularity bias compared to other platforms. When we focus our analysis on traffic to news sites, we find higher levels of popularity bias."	JASIST	
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	We further investigate the biases associated with individual traffic patterns and report on the correlation between homogeneity and popularity bias across systems.	JASIST	
10SENT: A stable sentiment analysis method based on the combination of off‐the‐shelf approaches	"the main contribution of our work is an easily deployable and stable method that can produce results as good as or better than the best single method for most data sets in a completely unsupervised manner, being much superior than other unsupervised solutions such as majority voting and, in some cases, close to the best supervised ones."	JASIST	
10SENT: A stable sentiment analysis method based on the combination of off‐the‐shelf approaches	"Finally, as a second contribution, we start an investigation into a important question of our research: whether we can “transfer” some knowledge to our method from a data set labeled with emoticons by Twitter users, which is easily available, meaning that no extra labeling effort is necessary. The main idea here is that such transfer of knowledge could provide additional (unsupervised) information to our method helping to improve it even further."	JASIST	
Altmetric scores: An early indicator of research impact	Our findings therefore suggest altmetric data could be useful as an aid to assessing impact.	JASIST	
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	"(1) a better understanding of the role of cited‐reference based indicators in SSH,"	JASIST	
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	"(2) the different characteristics of cited references of the two main publication types,"	JASIST	
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	(3) a better understanding of the correlation among reference‐based indicators measuring two different phenomenon.	JASIST	
The process of open data publication and reuse	This research analyses the process of open data publication starting in the internal systems of the organization and reaching the actual reuse of data in reuser's ecosystem surrounding the open data portals	JASIST	
How are information deserts created? A theory of local information landscapes	This paper develops a theory of local information landscapes (LIL theory) to conceptualize the material structure of local information.	JASIST	
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information need recognition	JASIST	
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information sourcing	JASIST	
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information comprehension	JASIST	
Measuring Participation in Distance Education Online Discussion Forums Using Social Network Analysis	This article contributes to scholars because it applies an important social analysis technique in a relevant research stream	JASIST	
Measuring Participation in Distance Education Online Discussion Forums Using Social Network Analysis	It also contributes to practitioners and educational institutions because the most central participants can be used as hubs to publish information and convey ideas and behaviors in the network.	JASIST	
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We are the first to propose a technique to identify temporal value changes from social media use.	JASIST	
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We develop a weighted hybrid time‐series‐based technique to capture the value priority changes over different time intervals.	JASIST	
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We validate our hybrid technique with a real‐world scenario through a questionnaire and compare our technique with other baseline techniques.	JASIST	
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We demonstrate how the change of values relates to the users' movie‐watching preferences.	JASIST	
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	We propose an active learning method based on a multiple‐instance learning technique to achieve high precision with little human annotation effort in classifying event‐related tweets. The tweets are preclustered such that near‐duplicate messages are grouped together and assigned the same label with one human annotation.	JASIST	
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	"We propose a ranking function, which depicts not only relevance but also coverage of event representative keywords. When selected keywords could retrieve more event‐related tweets, we are able to achieve high recall by using a small set of keywords. We further apply a time series model, namely, Autoregressive Model (AR), to model the trend of a keyword based on its frequencies in different time windows. A word with uptrend possibly indicates a new aspect of the event. On the contrary, a word with downtrend is likely to be outdated. The keyword evolvement property reflects the event development."	JASIST	
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	"We evaluate our method and its variants on a simulated Twitter Stream of real‐world events. Our experimental results show that our method outperforms strong baselines. To obtain ground truth data for evaluation, significant effort has been made to annotate the event‐related tweets. The data set from this study would benefit other studies in this area."	JASIST	
Neither a Bazaar nor a cathedral: The interplay between structure and agency in Wikipedia's role system	"We contribute to theory of coordination and roles, as well as provide some practical implications."	JASIST	
"Quality, impact, and quantification: Indicators and metrics use by social scientists"	"With a focus on the social sciences, this article contributes to the existing literature on indicators and metrics use in fields with diverse publication practices."	JASIST	
An evaluation of U.S. municipal open data portals: A user interaction framework	These findings indicate room for improvement in multiple areas and suggest potential roles for information professionals as data mediators.	JASIST	
An evaluation of U.S. municipal open data portals: A user interaction framework	"The study also reveals that portals using the Socrata platform performed better, regarding user access, trust, engagement, and participation. However, the variability among portals indicates that some portals should improve their platforms to achieve greater user engagement and participation."	JASIST	
The “Had Mores”: Exploring korean immigrants’ information behavior and ICT usage when settling in the United States	"Extending prior work on immigrants' information behavior, we capture the more complex picture of information needs and seeking behaviors of Korean immigrants, and uncover an additional information need—to create a new social network in the new social context."	JASIST	
The “Had Mores”: Exploring korean immigrants’ information behavior and ICT usage when settling in the United States	"Furthermore, we found that Korean immigrants needed to compromise with the ICTs infrastructure in the host country, and struggled to assess user‐generated contents, threatening the balance of “glocal” everyday lives."	JASIST	
When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections		JASIST	
	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that works with a diversified set of performance metrics and studies on when to stop making relevance assessments. We provide a comprehensive analysis of different stopping strategies and propose ways to evaluate them."	JASIST	
When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections		JASIST	
	"We define, implement, and test a series of new methods for stopping the judgment process. This covers a wide range of methods, including methods adapted from Time Series Analysis and Financial Trading."	JASIST	
When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections		JASIST	
	"We propose an innovative form to estimate recall. This new estimate is employed here to support some stopping methods, but it can also contribute in other areas beyond IR evaluation."	JASIST	
When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections		JASIST	
	"The results clearly demonstrate that some stopping methods can substantially reduce the assessment effort and still produce reliable test collections. As a matter of fact, the reduced set of judgments can be reliably employed to compare search systems using recall‐based and utility‐based metrics."	JASIST	
The first impression of conference papers: Does it matter in predicting future citations?	This study contributes to a better understanding of the extent to which various factors influence the future citations of conference papers	JASIST	
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	"The first area is to educate scientists who might be uncertain about or might not be familiar with data reuse. Although data reuse is an individual choice that depends on that individual's research area and appropriate methodologies, knowing about and understanding data reuse could make a difference when designing a research study."	JASIST	
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	"The second area that was identified as being critical to promoting data reuse practices is internal supports. Various types of internal resources, including experts who can help facilitate the process of data reuse, proper technology, and software and programs that are relevant to data reuse, can influence scientists' intentions to reuse data."	JASIST	
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	The findings of this study indicated that the availability of data repositories was an important factor for data reuse.	JASIST	
Ethical dilemma: Deception dynamics in computer‐mediated group communication	"This study contributes to the domain of social computing, behavioral modeling, and the prediction of computer‐mediated deception. Humans alone are not very effective at determining deception on their own, but the analogy of crowd‐sourced humans as sensors in an interactive network for identifying potential deception is supported by our findings."	JASIST	
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	"We propose an enriched multidimensional relevance model, which consists of topicality, novelty, reliability, understandability, scope, habit, and interest;"	JASIST	
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	We formulate multiple features for each dimension of the enriched MURM to quantify the extent to which the relevance of retrieved documents is correlated to the corresponding dimension;	JASIST	
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	"We carry out large scale document ranking experiments on a real‐world Web search log and the TREC session search data, from which we gain insightful findings that would provide guidance for the design of future IR algorithms and evaluation methodologies."	JASIST	
Discourse relations in rationale‐containing text‐segments	various computational approaches are being explored to automatically detect participants’ opinions and rationales from these texts. This study contributes to one such approach: detecting the rationales by detecting the discourse relations that are commonly present in the rationales.	JASIST	
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Develop a story‐chain discovery framework that employs zigzagged search and news actors.
"	JASIST	
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Conduct two user studies:

The first finds a guideline for using the framework by answering the following research questions:

What is the proper time‐window length to be used while scanning the collection?

When a social network of news actors is utilized, is it necessary to use a large network of news actors instead of exploiting a subset of important actors?
Which similarity method performs better in news‐chain discovery: lexical features using the vector space model, or meta features based on news actors? Can we improve the effectiveness by using multiple methods together in a hybrid approach?
The second compares our method with baselines to answer:

What are the benefits of our framework against baseline approaches?

How should we measure the similarity between a news chain and a candidate article?
"	JASIST	
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Support user studies with statistical tests, which can set an example for similar studies."	JASIST	
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"
Integrate our framework into a real‐time news aggregator to observe its practical implications."	JASIST	
Antecedents and learning outcomes of online news engagement	"A contribution of this work lies in its unexpected findings, which exemplify the need to consider the role of content in UE, and to more deeply and critically probe the relationship between UE and learning with information search systems."	JASIST	
What makes an effective clinical query and querier?	The paper aims to contribute to this by studying how clinicians search for information.	JASIST	
Shangri–La: A medical case–based retrieval tool	Both the improved retrieval system combining several techniques and the multimodal query interface constitute the main contributions of this article.	JASIST	
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We introduce two methods for query expansion for CDS search.	JASIST	
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We compare the proposed methods with the current state of the art.	JASIST	
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We study the impact of query reduction when combined with query expansion in CDS search.	JASIST	
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	"We present a new novelty and diversity metric for biomedical IR, which recognizes information richness (degree of novelty and degree of relevance) and differentiates redundant documents from irrelevant ones."	JASIST	
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Formal analyses and empirical studies are presented to show that the proposed metric respects desired evaluation intuition and policy.	JASIST	
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	"Experiments are conducted to compare the proposed metric with nine state‐of‐the‐art metrics for novelty and diversity evaluation, which suggests our metric outperforms or equals state‐of‐the‐art IR metrics in novelty and relevancy recognition."	JASIST	
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Experiments are conducted to show our metric has stronger discriminative power than state‐of‐the‐art metrics.	JASIST	
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Experimental studies reveal that the proposed metric is faster to compute than state‐of‐the‐art metrics though time complexities of their evaluation algorithms are all linear in the number of documents in the ranking list.	JASIST	
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	We leverage a pattern‐based method to extract large‐scale treatment drug–disease pairs and inducement drug–disease pairs.	JASIST	
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	"The precision of the extracted treatment and inducement drug–disease pairs can achieve 0.912 and 0.923, respectively. The recall of the extracted frequent treatment and inducement drug–disease pairs can achieve 0.898 and 0.833, respectively."	JASIST	
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	"A new network embedding algorithm is proposed to encode the information network, which has two distinct relation types, into low‐dimensional space."	JASIST	
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(a) an effective approach for triaging the content severity in online mental health forums based on indication of self‐harm ideation;	JASIST	
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(b) providing insight into the effect of online mental health forums on users through analysis of their content;	JASIST	
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(c) analyzing the interaction of moderators with users; and	JASIST	
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(d) extensive evaluation of the proposed approach on a real‐world data set.	JASIST	
Temporal dynamics of eye‐tracking and EEG during reading and relevance decisions	The main contribution is to show that there are increasing differences in EYE and EEG data between the relevant and irrelevant documents as text documents are read. Another contribution is to demonstrate a low‐cost EEG device can be useful to infer RJs.	JASIST	
"Trolling here, there, and everywhere: Perceptions of trolling behaviors in context"	Two major contributions of the study include a codebook to support future analysis of trolling and	JASIST	
"Trolling here, there, and everywhere: Perceptions of trolling behaviors in context"	formal concept analysis surrounding contextual perceptions of trolling.	JASIST	
Cognitive modeling of age‐related differences in information search behavior	"first, we extended cognitive models of web‐navigation CoLiDeS and CoLiDeS+ to model not only the second phase of information search (navigation within websites) but also the first phase of information search (interaction with a search engine, more precisely the step of selecting a search result from a SERP corresponding to a query)."	JASIST	
Cognitive modeling of age‐related differences in information search behavior	"Second, we evaluated the performance of the two models on predicting age‐related differences in the above task."	JASIST	
Toward the operationalization of visual metaphor	"The role of embellishment in the visualization of large data sets remains a controversial subject. We contribute to this ongoing debate by examining the role of visual detail in an interactive visualization built on metaphor. Given the effectiveness of visual details in improving memorability, we hypothesize that providing metaphorical context through visual embellishment will improve users' recall of its functionality."	JASIST	
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	i) a definition of co‐utility and methods to estimate co‐utility probabilities;	JASIST	
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	"ii) an objective function that combines predicted values and co‐utility probabilities, its reduction to a popular Facility Location Analysis problem (Borodin, Lee, & Ye, 2012), and algorithms to tackle it;"	JASIST	
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	iii) a comparison between the usefulness of our method and different baselines; and	JASIST	
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	"iv) an analysis of the scalability, diversity, and optimality of recommendations produced by our method."	JASIST	
Automatic event detection in microblogs using incremental machine learning	"A novel unsupervised incremental learning algorithm to address the key challenges in microblog analysis. The core capabilities of this algorithms are, topic pathway separation, topic pathway evolution and incremental separation of completely new topics and subsequent topics based on already learned topics."	JASIST	
Automatic event detection in microblogs using incremental machine learning	A novel event detection technique that uncovers event indicators from the topic pathways generated by the above algorithm. The technique calculates the intensity of change in a pathway using a combination of changes in volume and positive or negative sentiment to detect potential events of interest.	JASIST	
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	"We are the first to consider the task of NIL mention detection in email. We achieve NIL detection accuracy results that are comparable to the best results previously reported for Non‐NIL mentions by designing new features that are specifically motivated by the NIL detection task, and we show that inclusion of these features does not have any material negative effect on linking accuracy for Non‐NIL mentions."	JASIST	
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	We have achieved a 20% error reduction over the best previously reported results for linking Non‐NIL mentions by combining both existing and novel features using what is now a rather standard learning‐to‐rank framework that had not yet been used for entity linking at the time the earlier work was performed.	JASIST	
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	We have added new NIL annotations to Elsayed's Enron entity linking test collection and we have created new ground truth Non‐NIL and NIL entity linking annotations for the newly available Avocado test collection.	JASIST	
Online disclosure of illicit information: Information behaviors in two drug forums	An important contribution we make with this study is the development of a codebook for online disclosure of illicit behaviors.	JASIST	
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"First, this study found that the social effect of outstanding scholars is favorable to the development of a research network, that is, expanding the collaboration relationships in a network."	JASIST	
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Second, the results suggest that a scholar who is highly and directly connected with other colleagues (i.e., a high degree centrality) will increase his or her future research accomplishments in terms of quantity, whereas a scholar who is connected with other colleagues from different sub‐fields (i.e., a high betweenness centrality) will improve future research accomplishments in terms of novelty. Based on the findings, this study suggests that future researchers should aim to expand their personal networks, strengthen their direct links with peers, and contact different scholars from different research fields or domains."	JASIST	
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Third, high closeness centrality, which identifies the minimum distance that links all of the scholars in a network, does not positively impact scholars in terms of future research accomplishments; even a loose relationship with peers will diminish research performance."	JASIST	
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Finally, due to the negative impact of closeness centrality, this study found that the social effect of an outstanding scholar is a double‐edged sword. It helps scholars to simultaneously improve the three types of centralities in their research network; however, such impacts not only bring beneficial effects (degree and betweenness centralities) but also have a negative influence (closeness centrality) on the scholar"	JASIST	
Implicit opinion analysis: Extraction and polarity labelling	"From a content point of view, we address the occurrences of implicit opinions, and propose methods to extract such opinions. That is, we focus on both the extraction and classification of implicit opinions."	JASIST	
Implicit opinion analysis: Extraction and polarity labelling	"From a technological point of view, we propose various approaches to determine the polarity of implicit opinions. By identifying negative implicit opinions, we can reveal why customers have such negative feelings."	JASIST	
Measuring text difficulty using parse‐tree frequency	"First, we show that current readability metrics do not effectively measure text difficulty. Readability measures based on word and sentence length correlate with how difficult people perceive sentences to be but they do not correlate with how likely a person is to understand that sentence."	JASIST	
Measuring text difficulty using parse‐tree frequency	"Second, and more important, we introduce a new measure of text difficulty that utilizes the frequency of occurrence of the 3rd level grammatical structure, where frequency is calculated using structures from all sentences in English Wikipedia. This metric can be applied to new sentences to predict sentence difficulty."	JASIST	
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"This study extends existing work in three chief ways. First, it models the role of accessibility (OA status) on referencing."	JASIST	
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"Second, it covers all major research areas of science by observing rates at which Wikipedia references nearly 5,000 journals, accounting for nearly 20 million articles."	JASIST	
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"Third, it treats unreferenced articles in the same analytic framework as those referenced."	JASIST	
"Reader characteristics, behavior, and success in fiction book search"	"Our first main contribution was in demonstrating that different preference patterns for fiction books were clearly associated with readers' search behavior, that is, the number of viewed SERPs, opened book pages, dwell time on book pages, and the type of search queries."	JASIST	
"Reader characteristics, behavior, and success in fiction book search"	"Our second main contribution was in presenting three search tactics for fiction books in library catalogs: i) focused querying, ii) topical browsing, and iii) similarity‐based tactic. We demonstrated that the search scenario determined the use of the identified search tactics."	JASIST	
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"First, we provide an in‐depth study of the users of WorldCat.org and their uses of the system;"	JASIST	
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"second, we present a categorization of work and search tasks from WorldCat.org that are applicable to union catalogs more widely;"	JASIST	
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"third, we demonstrate how multiple methods can be utilized for studying union catalogs, including the integration of data to form a holistic view of information‐searching behavior."	JASIST	
Matched control groups for modeling events in citation data: An illustration of nobel prize effects in citation networks	The main aim of this article was to make a methodological contribution to the literature on events in citation data.	JASIST	
A Multidimensional Investigation of the Effects of Publication Retraction on Scholarly Impact	"We designed multiple statistical comparative experiments within a unified framework on a 30‐years span of retracted publications indexed by Web of Science (WoS) to study the effect of retractions on the scholarly impact of articles, scholars, and institutions, which are either directly involved in or indirectly related to multiple categories of retraction incidences. We also compared our experimental results with similar previous studies."	JASIST	
A Multidimensional Investigation of the Effects of Publication Retraction on Scholarly Impact	We investigated temporal causal correlation between paper retraction rate and publishing popularity within certain scientific topics. We test whether retraction occurrences in one research direction will affect its future development.	JASIST	
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"First, understanding the role played by needs satisfaction in collaboration and competition will help researchers explain the motivational process underpinning players' enjoyment in HCGs."	JASIST	
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Second, our results suggest that gaming has an influence on players' perception of output quality. In comparing two of the HCGs, the competitive HCG was found to be more effective in influencing perceived accuracy and relevancy than its collaborative counterpart. This finding informs researchers of the need to consider the interaction between different game mechanics and output quality."	JASIST	
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Third, our work suggests that games can be used to attract players to participate in content creation if we can leverage the differences in motivations and perceived output quality afforded by different gameplay mechanics. In particular, we found that participants in competitive HCGs experienced higher competence, and such games were perceived to produce more accurate and relevant output compared to collaborative HCGs."	JASIST	
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Fourth, although this study was conducted in the context of HCGs, the usefulness of its findings may extend to other contexts that intend to make the tasks engaging, such as crowdsourcing and gamification."	JASIST	
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Finally, the findings of this study also contribute to the knowledge of HCG design."	JASIST	
How does the world connect? Exploring the global diffusion of social network sites	This study contributes to the extant literature by operationalizing TOE factors in the social networking domain at the national level.	JASIST	
Factors that influence query reformulations and search performance in health information retrieval: A multilevel modeling approach	"The main contributions of this study can be summarized as follows: (a) using multilevel modeling to analyze query reformulation data while considering the hierarchical, nested structure of the data and"	JASIST	
Factors that influence query reformulations and search performance in health information retrieval: A multilevel modeling approach	(b) developing a model to include both session‐level and action‐level factors to provide a more complete understanding of the relationships among factors that influence query reformulation types and sequential search performance.	JASIST	
The mood of Chinese Pop music: Representation and recognition	"this study aims to make contributions to MIR research, particularly on mood representation and recognition in the cross‐cultural context."	JASIST	
The mood of Chinese Pop music: Representation and recognition	"In addition, this study also constructs a substantial data set and demonstrates detailed analyses on it."	JASIST	
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"We show that the graph‐based framework delivers accurate recommendations in the challenging CH domain. Unlike alternative methods, this approach models historical ratings jointly with diverse background knowledge, including contextual physical proximity and semantic aspects."	JASIST	
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"Relatively few works employed graph based similarity in general, and the PPR measure in particular, for recommendation purposes. We report the results of a comprehensive set of comparative experiments, demonstrating the advantages of the graph‐based approach over alternative methods in contextual recommendation setting."	JASIST	
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"We evaluate and discuss issues related to graph design, as well as the impact of tuning parametric edge weights on recommendation performance."	JASIST	
Scientific evolutionary pathways: Identifying and visualizing relationships for scientific topics	(a) a term‐based science map to trace scientific evolutionary pathways with both visual routines and detailed outlines and	JASIST	
Scientific evolutionary pathways: Identifying and visualizing relationships for scientific topics	"(b) a learning process to introduce machine‐learning techniques to investigate topic analysis in a changing environment over time. Considering the varied backgrounds of our audience, we have simplified the technical details and demonstrate our method via a case study of the United States (US) National Science Foundation (NSF) Awards."	JASIST	
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We propose a novel approach for modeling the context‐aware personal discount sensitivity of users and items in mobile coupon recommendations in a sparse data scenario.	JASIST	
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We incorporate context‐aware personalized discount sensitivity into the CARS model for mobile coupon consumption prediction.	JASIST	
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We present a new CARS algorithm based on coclustering with random forest classification in each cell (CBRF) to effectively incorporate context‐aware personalized discount sensitivity for coupon consumption prediction. We evaluate the CBRF algorithm's prediction accuracy and show that it provides better prediction accuracy than the widely used context‐aware matrix factorization (CAMF) algorithm when incorporating personal discount sensitivity.	JASIST	
Beyond distributions and primary goods: Assessing applications of rawls in information science and technology literature since 1990	This work represents an important contribution to ethical analyses of ICTs by bringing together and critically assessing the application of a particular—and particularly prominent—moral framework.	JASIST	
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	"We propose and formalize the problem of fine‐grained location extraction from tweets with temporal awareness. We conduct data analysis and make four observations on Twitter user sharing fine‐grained locations, and revealing short‐term visiting histories/plans."	JASIST	
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	We propose a mechanism to build a POI inventory without human efforts by exploiting the crowd wisdom of the Foursquare community. The POI inventory includes not only the formal names of POIs but also their informal short forms and abbreviations.	JASIST	
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	"We propose and investigate three sets of contextual features (linguistic, temporal, and inventory) and two schema features (BILOU and OP), for learning the time‐aware POI tagger. A two‐stage tagging strategy is utilized to accommodate the requirement of different optimal feature settings for the two subtasks, POI recognition and temporal awareness resolution. All the three sets of contextual features are easy to derive, enabling real‐time response."	JASIST	
Online serendipity: A contextual differentiation of antecedents and outcomes	Our findings contribute to the current debate on serendipity by analyzing antecedents of the serendipity experience on the Internet and by differentiating these effects by three distinct online service contexts.	JASIST	
Online serendipity: A contextual differentiation of antecedents and outcomes	"Our research model identifies two cognitive antecedents of users' online serendipity in the vein of a mental readiness: Internet self‐efficacy and (general) online trust. To account for users' active contribution to serendipity experiences, we include self‐disclosure as a behavioral mediator in the model."	JASIST	
Boosting attribute recognition with latent topics by matrix factorization	We propose a framework to discover potential relationships among images and attributes in a “reduced” joint latent factor space via matrix factorization. Then we utilize the discovered relationships to boost attribute recognition.	JASIST	
Boosting attribute recognition with latent topics by matrix factorization	"Both the online and offline learning version of our framework is proposed to satisfy practical requirements. Offline learning is for the circumstance that all training data for BAR are available at the beginning, while online learning is for the situation where the training data arrives sequentially."	JASIST	
Person Name Disambiguation in the Web Using Adaptive Threshold Clustering	"Our main contribution in this paper is a new clustering algorithm that does not rely on training data for disambiguating person names in web results. We present the concept of the adaptive threshold, which only depends on the information contained in the compared documents, allowing our algorithm to decide when the documents talk about the same individual."	JASIST	
Comparing grounded theory and topic modeling: Extreme divergence or unlikely convergence?	"It advances our understanding of how approaches from the interpretive social sciences and from computer science both resemble and differ from one another, both in terms of substantive results and in terms of analytic process. It also argues that these methods should be considered in the context of the broader theoretical and methodological shifts they represent in their respective fields."	JASIST	
Ontology for cultural variations in interpersonal communication: Building on theoretical models and crowdsourced knowledge	"The primary contribution of this paper is a hybrid approach to ontology development, combining social science and computer science approaches to capture cultural variations in interpersonal communication. The ontology developed can be used to support semantic tagging of UGC for further exploration."	JASIST	
Domain‐independent search expertise: Gaining knowledge in query formulation through guided practice	The present study contributes a detailed analysis of the query behavior of 10 students as they completed assigned exercises during a semester‐long course on expert search	JASIST	
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"First, it represents one of the earliest efforts to bridge the chasm between two disparate research strands—one that distinguishes between authentic and fictitious reviews ignoring users' perceptions, and the other that examines users' perceptions when ignoring if users could discern review authenticity."	JASIST	
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"Second, this article furthers the understanding about the role of language in online deception as well as its detection. The article demonstrates that the expected differences and the observed differences between authentic and fictitious reviews are not always in sync."	JASIST	
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"Third, this article demonstrates the importance of training to help address the well‐recognized information‐seeking problem of distinguishing between authentic and fictitious information. Specifically, this article suggests that a guideline could not only improve human ability to discern review authenticity but also enhance immunity against their inherent truth bias."	JASIST	
Filtering patent maps for visualization of diversification paths of inventors and organizations	"Our main contribution is the tradeoff curve between link removal and diversification prediction power, which provides an objective basis to rule out the obviously nonoptimal choices, such as PMFG, and to compare and select feasible thresholds in the center segment of the curve."	JASIST	
The interplay between information practices and information context: The case of mobile knowledge workers	"This article contributes to an empirical understanding of the information practices of an increasingly visible yet understudied population, and to a theoretical understanding of the contemporary mobile knowledge work information context."	JASIST	
"Adding the dimension of knowledge trading to source impact assessment: Approaches, indicators, and implications"	"Findings of this study will contribute to discussions of journal impact assessment as well as the scholarship of knowledge trading. The employed weighted and directed indicators will create a new dimension to journal status by measuring journals' impact in knowledge trading. Diachronical results delivered by this study will inform the understanding of source‐level knowledge flows, interdisciplinarity, and other pertinent social‐scientific processes."	JASIST	
Search task features in work tasks of varying types and complexity	This paper contributes to the knowledge of authentic information searching	JASIST	
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	"This article contributes to the information‐seeking behavior literature by comparing and contrasting three different information seeking methods: keyword searching, CBR searching, and browsing by conducting a longitudinal analysis of query logs that stretches over 8 years."	JASIST	
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	The main contribution of the study is that it helps us better understand a user's information‐seeking behavior by analyzing the user query logs longitudinally.	JASIST	
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	"Specifically, this study analyzes longitudinal user queries across 8 years rather than a small amount of queries on a short period of days. The study is also unique in that it analyzes the queries from a less commonly used search method (CBR searching)."	JASIST	
Analysis of change in users' assessment of search results over time	"In this broad context or framework, our research contributes to understanding and modeling the change in time in user relevance evaluation behavior. The problem is also important in understanding whether and to what extent there is a need for personalization and adaptation of the search engine's ranking over time."	JASIST	
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"The unique contribution of this study can be highlighted in multiple ways. First, this study creates a new model in interactive IR that incorporates user involvement and system support into the IR process"	JASIST	
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"Second, this study specified the types of user involvement and types of system support needed in accomplishing search tactics. Users not only participate in the search process physically by manipulating system functions but also cognitively by making intellectual decisions. In applying user‐dominated tactics, they use their knowledge structure to make their own intellectual decisions."	JASIST	
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"Third, this study also reveals that not all users are the same. Users have different preferences in terms of what they prefer to perform themselves and what they want the systems to undertake for them. In applying user‐dominated tactics, users exhibit different preferences in making decisions while applying search tactics."	JASIST	
"Understanding users of cloud music services: Selection factors, management and access behavior, and perceptions"	"Our results contribute to theoretical understandings of users' music information behavior in a time of upheaval in music usage patterns, and more generally, the purposes and meanings users ascribe to personal media collections in cloud‐based systems."	JASIST	
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	"Profile academics' OAP behavior, in terms of: recent publication activities
future intentions"	JASIST	
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	"Profile academics' attitudes towards OAP, in terms of: the advantages and disadvantages of OAP
the relative importance of services associated with paid OAP publication
preferences regarding peer review
the dissemination and reuse of their research."	JASIST	
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	Investigate the existence and nature of disciplinary difference in behaviors and attitudes towards OAP publishing.	JASIST	
How many ways to use CiteSpace? A study of user interactive events over 14 months	"First, it provides a methodological demonstration of log analysis of usage for a visual analytic application through a multimethod approach. It triangulates behavioral patterns with multiple user characteristics and ties transitional points in behavioral patterns to real‐world problems reported by users. The methodology used in the present study could be applied to other visual analytic applications, with minor modifications."	JASIST	
How many ways to use CiteSpace? A study of user interactive events over 14 months	"Second, the interactive and evolving patterns discovered in the present study have built the foundation for a tool to improve CiteSpace in general. A user analysis tool that extracts user behavioral patterns and multiple behavior indicators from usage logs could promote identification of weakness and facilitate improvements of the software. The ultimate goal is to build an adaptive and intelligent system that can assist users in visual analytic tasks with a minimal cognitive burden."	JASIST	
The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	"(i) To the best of our knowledge, this study represents the first to conduct longitudinal analysis of the evolution of iSchools. Different from analysis based on a snapshot of the community, a longitudinal approach can better capture directions to which iSchools are heading. Similar approaches could also be used to study other emerging and fast‐changing disciplines."	JASIST	
The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	"ii) From the standpoint of collecting and analyzing bibliographical data, we retrieved publication data from various types of venues (e.g., journals, conferences, and book chapters), and applied automated topic modeling techniques to reveal research topics for the whole community and each individual iSchool by examining text from these publications. Compared with relying only on journal papers and arbitrary classifications of journals into disciplines (Wu et al., 2012; Zhang et al., 2013), our approach is more suitable for a multi‐ and interdisciplinary community like the iSchools, whose researchers have diverse preferences regarding publication venues. Our computational analysis also enables us to analyze a large number of publications in an automated way."	JASIST	
The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	"(iii) Although there have been studies on academic disciplines using network analysis techniques (Clauset et al., 2015; Wiggins et al., 2006, 2008; Yu, 2013), we are the first to incorporate educational backgrounds and research topic distributions into the analysis of a discipline's hiring network. The inclusion of these nodal attributes into topological analysis of a hiring network helps to better capture characteristics and the evolution of a discipline."	JASIST	
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"First, we categorized various bibliometric networks into three types according to the initial query selection."	JASIST	
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"Second, we proposed a comparative evaluation approach, called tomographic content analysis, for analyzing the three networks in detail."	JASIST	
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"Third, the findings from comparing the PBN, SBN, and TBN suggest that the PBN is adequate for understanding the current knowledge of a certain topic, whereas the SBN helps discover new knowledge and linking to other fields associated with the topic, and the TBN is best suited for overviewing the current knowledge of a topic and its relevant studies."	JASIST	
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"First, most previous studies used quantitative approaches to examine the relationship between SNS use and psychological well‐being. Previous studies collected data from SNSs used by healthy students and attempted to explore how SNS use is related to the psychological well‐being of users. In our study semistructured interviews were conducted to gain a better understanding of how SNS use impacts the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. In the second phase, an online survey was conducted to evaluate and empirically test the theoretical model. We triangulated the results and demonstrated that the use of SNS enhances social support, enriches the experience of social connectedness, develops social presence and learning, and ultimately improves psychological well‐being. This study adds to the literature on SNS use and psychological well‐being and provides a useful platform for future research."	JASIST	
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"Second, in this study we developed and tested a multitheory approach to hypothesis development and to frame interpretation of relationships between the use of SNS such as Facebook and the psychological well‐being of users, specifically cancer patients. A lack of theoretical underpinnings in previous studies in this area had been recognized (Guo et al., 2014; Hong et al., 2012), and our study was intended to fill this gap. Our study showed the capacity of SNS use to improve the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. This evidence will assist organizations to generate strategies and make recommendations for using Facebook for improving the psychological well‐being of their users."	JASIST	
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"Third, our qualitative study provided insights into the lived experience of cancer patients' use of Facebook. This contributes to a better understanding of the ways that SNS use is associated with the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. By clarifying this relationship, this study demonstrates that SNS use does indeed have possibilities for promoting psychological well‐being of cancer patients. We showed the advantages that SNS use can have in the context of healthcare, at least with respect to cancer patients. The findings should encourage parties and institutes involved in the care of cancer patients, and cancer patients themselves, to use SNS to improve psychological well‐being."	JASIST	
Mining correlations between medically dependent features and image retrieval models for query classification	"(a) We evaluate the impact of using different semantic ontologies and thesaurus for determining the generic query features on the query classification performance, thus by conducting a comparative study. First, we define additional generic query features, such as AvLesk, to capture more semantic characteristics and help associate the query with the most suitable image retrieval model. Second, we exploit both the WordNet thesaurus and the UMLS Metathesaurus to calculate generic feature values, namely, term relatedness and polysemy. Using UMLS allows for capturing semantics between medical entities rather than using WordNet's general terminology."	JASIST	
Mining correlations between medically dependent features and image retrieval models for query classification	"(b) A new smart classifier (SmartClass) is proposed for query classification. SmartClass allows for finding a query's most appropriate default class instead of using the same default class for all queries in the classification process. This classifier is based on two phases: the preliminary phase, which allows grouping of the query features, and the classification phase."	JASIST	
Hypertext configurations: Genres in networked digital media	The aim of this article is to contribute to the development of a conceptual framework for characterizing digital materials.	JASIST	
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	We propose an adaptive personalized reranking model that considers a user's short‐ and long‐term interaction behaviors in which the relevance of a document to a query and the preference of a user for certain documents are adaptively combined for document reranking.	JASIST	
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	We perform an investigation of the document ranking performance affected by the assumption that user activity and query attractiveness are uniformly distributed and find that it does have an effect on personalized document reranking.	JASIST	
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	"We examine how ranking performance is impacted by sparseness when estimating document relevance to a given query, and find that our model works better by incorporating a word‐level relevance matrix that is less sparse than a query‐level relevance matrix."	JASIST	
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that investigates story‐focused reading in this context and scale, and that also accounts for the interactions between news sites and other sources."	JASIST	
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	We study the characteristics of story‐focused reading and show that users exhibit a different reading behavior when focusing on a story.	JASIST	
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	"We show that having links to related content within the text of a news article keeps users engaged with the news site. We also show that the type, the position, and the number of links matter, and that even external links are beneficial."	JASIST	
Knowledge‐dissemination channels: Analytics of stature evaluation	Contributions of this paper include introduction of a general analytics technique for evaluating knowledge‐dissemination channels	JASIST	
Knowledge‐dissemination channels: Analytics of stature evaluation	"secondarily, via applications of that technique, several objective characterizations of journal stature for information systems (IS) scholars."	JASIST	
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	"(a) we evaluate our previous solution that had the potential to be exploited in the incremental scenario but has not been evaluated in such situations, only in batch‐mode full‐repository disambiguation;"	JASIST	
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	(b) we analyze the improvements made in the original method to deal with specific idiosyncratic aspects of the incremental disambiguation problem;	JASIST	
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	"(c) we perform a thorough comparative experimental analysis of our solutions against the best known baselines in the literature, while evaluating specific aspects of our solution such as the isolated impact of each of its components and the sensitivity to its parameters."	JASIST	
Data reusers' trust development	"Although the literature on data reuse is expanding, few attempts have been made to explain data reusers' behaviors from a theoretical perspective. As theoretical perspectives often lead to deeper understanding, this research analyzes the thoughts, perceptions, and beliefs behind the behaviors and actions of data reusers. Trust is a useful theoretical concept to explore data reusers' behaviors and perceptions, and as explained in the introduction, current data reuse practices make the concept of trust even more relevant. The theoretical understanding developed in this research has the potential to be applied to other contexts of data reuse in future studies."	JASIST	
Data reusers' trust development	"By drawing on a range of fields in which the concept of trust is important, including sociology, social psychology, economics, information systems, and organizational behavior, this study contributes to the understanding of the multiple facets of trust that are involved in data reuse. A data reuser's trust judgment is not a one‐time, simple process. Various types and levels of trust interact to enable data reusers to make trust judgments regarding data."	JASIST	
Data reusers' trust development	"Data reusers' experiences can vary depending on the data type, because of the different forms and formats of data, the methods used to acquire the data, and the process of understanding and analyzing the data. this study contributes to the understanding of data reusers' trust judgments"	JASIST	
"Funding Data from Publication Acknowledgments: Coverage, Uses, and Limitations"	This article contributes to the development of methods for analysing research funding systems by exploring the robustness and comparability of emerging approaches to generate funding landscapes useful for policy making.	JASIST	
Metrics for openness	"The contribution of this paper is to gather existing measures of openness together and to propose new metrics to inform discussion on aspects of “openness” within scholarly communication. In particular, we propose an individual Openness Index that characterizes the accessibility of an author's publications."	JASIST	
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	"Our model incorporates explicit Tencent Weibo features such as the degree of user influence, topic information, the main content of weibos, social relations, and topic information into a unified framework, which can further help improve recommendation results."	JASIST	
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	"For determining direct social influence, we are able to identify the influential relationships between two users by studying their historical communication records, and for determining indirect social influence, we detect the influential relationships by applying social status theory."	JASIST	
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	We add topic information into structural analysis of indirect influence. Experiment results show that this method can improve performance and provide more personalized recommendation services based on users' interests.	JASIST	
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"First, by integrating BE into UTAUT, we develop a holistic nomological net, which incorporates internal and external factors that affect the use of IT to process information. This contributes to the information science literature by explicitly identifying cognitions that consider external influences on use"	JASIST	
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"Second, we provide a theoretical explication of the psychological mechanisms linking the predictors in UTAUT to perceptions of BI vis‐à‐vis BE."	JASIST	
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"Finally, we identify two determinants of BE and theorize how these determinants influence BE in concert with four key moderators from UTAUT. This presents a contribution to the information science and social psychology literatures, which have called for work to identify determinants of BE (Venkatesh et al., 2008)."	JASIST	
Toward multiviewpoint ontology construction by collaboration of non‐experts and crowdsourcing: The case of the effect of diet on health	"A practical contribution of this study is the multiviewpoint ontology for diet, which is an important supplement to the set of ontologies in the biomedical domain."	JASIST	
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"This paper contributes to the development of bibliometric metrics that helps to formulate a (practical, relevant) theory of knowledge dynamics."	JASIST	
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"We explore how different approaches to mapping a scientific field provide different insights, and how they can be related."	JASIST	
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"We demonstrate how triangulation results, in conjunction with visualization, can lead to a better understanding of the (disciplinary or interdisciplinary) structure of scientific fields."	JASIST	
Looking for “normal”: Sense making in the context of health disruption	"The resulting model, Looking for normal: Sense making in the context of health disruption, contributes to an understanding of normality in health‐related sense making processes."	JASIST	
Looking for “normal”: Sense making in the context of health disruption	"One of the main contributions of this article is the revelation that people confronting very different health disruptions share a common sense making “journey,” experiencing similar information behaviors in their search for normality."	JASIST	
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"conceptualizes a framework for the entire process of automatic music mood classification using multiple information sources. The framework is flexible in that each component can be easily extended by adding new methods, algorithms, and tools. Under the framework, this study systematically answers questions often involved in multimodal classification: feature extraction, feature selection, ensemble methods, and so on."	JASIST	
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Following a previous study evaluating a wide range of lyric features and their combinations (Hu & Downie, 2010), this study further explores feature selection and the effect of dimension reduction on feature spaces. Thus, it pushes forward the state‐of‐the‐art on sentiment analysis for music lyrics."	JASIST	
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	Examines the reduction of training data brought by the multimodal approach. This aspect of improvement has rarely been addressed by previous studies on multimodal music classification. Both the effect on the number of training examples and that on the length of audio clips are evaluated in this study.	JASIST	
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Compares relative advantages of lyrics and audio across different mood categories. To date, there is little evidence as to which information source works better for which mood category(ies). Gaining insight on this question can contribute to deeper understanding of sources and components of music mood."	JASIST	
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Builds a large ground truth data set for the task of multimodal music mood classification. The data set contains 5,296 unique songs in 18 mood categories. This is one of the largest experimental data sets in music mood classification with both audio and lyrics available (Barthet et al., 2013; Kim et al., 2010; Yang & Chen, 2012). Results from a large data set with realistic and representative mood categories are more generalizable and of higher practical values."	JASIST	
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	Our main contributions are: (a) a general ML multiview framework that takes advantage of different views of quality indicators;	JASIST	
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	(b) the improvement (up to 30%) in quality assessment over the best state‐of‐the‐art baseline methods;	JASIST	
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	"(c) a thorough feature and view analysis regarding impact, informativeness, and correlation, based on two distinct domains."	JASIST	
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"In this article we investigate the difference in the types of tags provided by experts and novices with three aims: (a) contributing to the understanding of the role of expert tags for content access in the audiovisual heritage domain, in line with the studies on nichesourcing;"	JASIST	
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"(b) continuing research on time‐based metadata and labeling games initiated by the Waisda? experiments, exploring to what extent a video labeling game can be used to collect tags for films; and"	JASIST	
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"(c) contributing to the overall discussion of how social tagging and crowdsourcing can be applied to the film domain. By film domain, we mean mostly fiction movies, not necessarily celluloid films."	JASIST	
Measuring technological distance for patent mapping	"This paper contributes to the research to develop and analyze patent technology network maps to explore technology diversification and knowledge combination opportunities, and thus support technology forecasting and road mapping practices."	JASIST	
Measuring technological distance for patent mapping	The contribution of the present paper lies primarily in promising and demonstrating the strategy to assess alternative distance measures by analyzing the correlations or similarity of the overall network structures resulting from those measures.	JASIST	
The role of social capital in selecting interpersonal information sources	This study contributes to our understanding of interpersonal source use by looking at the impact of social capital dimensions. We find that the social context in which individuals find themselves impacts the assessments of both the quality and accessibility of interpersonal sources. Understanding this allows individuals to better leverage social capital and organizations to make better use of their knowledge resources.	JASIST	
Gender as an influencer of online health information‐seeking and evaluation behavior	"This article contributes to the growing body of research that demonstrates gender is an influencer of health information behavior, and thereby contributes to understanding of the role of context in shaping information behavior."	JASIST	
Gender as an influencer of online health information‐seeking and evaluation behavior	"Specifically, the aim of this research is to use the lens of trust judgments, supported by information on other aspects of health information behavior, to demonstrate that gender is a determinant of the information evaluation process."	JASIST	
Analyzing Web behavior in indoor retail spaces	"The main contribution of this article is a comprehensive report of user indoor behavior. This includes an analysis of the correlation between users' physical visiting patterns and their web behaviors; the establishment of the significant influence of the physical spatial context on the content that indoor users consume on the web; and finally, the analysis of the correspondence between indoor users' social context and their web behaviors"	JASIST	
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"The article contributes theoretically to MIR evaluation. The holistic user‐experience evaluation approach advocated and implemented in this study is a radical revolution from existing evaluation frameworks including MIREX, MediaEval, and CLEF (discussed later). These existing frameworks focus on subtasks related to components of MIR systems rather than on complete ones. In addition, they largely follow the Cranfield paradigm (Voorhees, 2002), where retrieval systems are compared against common test collections with topics/queries, materials/collections, and relevance/similarity judgments. Putting users and their interactions with complete MIR systems in the center of consideration changes the entire perspective. The evaluation infrastructure no longer consists of predefined queries or ground truth; the evaluation context is shifted from simplified laboratory settings to real‐world scenarios; and the evaluation criteria focus on users' interactions and perceptions. Hopefully, the proposed evaluation framework will inspire more studies on holistic user‐experience evaluation in MIR."	JASIST	
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"As this is, to our knowledge, the first community‐wide, holistic user‐experience evaluation, there are numerous methodological decisions to make in designing and implementing the evaluation framework (the “testbed”). In particular, the creation of a sharable music data set of a large size shifts the existing “algorithm‐to‐data” paradigm that has long plagued MIR research due to copyright imposed on most music materials. Furthermore, the evaluation methods, results, and reflections on lessons learned are all highly valuable for further studies on user‐centered and holistic evaluation in MIR and related domains such as multimedia IR."	JASIST	
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"The findings of this study, particularly the evaluation results, will have important implications for designing MIR systems and applications that cater to the needs of real‐world users. There have been MIR applications, including commercial ones, but they are mostly not evaluated in a scientific and scalable manner. How they support or frustrate users largely remains unanswered questions (Lee & Price, 2015). This study strives to inspire MIR application developers to join the holistic user‐experience evaluation events to be held in the future."	JASIST	
Improving proverb search and retrieval with a generic multidimensional ontology	A practical contribution of this work is an automated web‐based proverb search and retrieval system which incorporates the proposed ontological scheme and an initial corpus of ontology‐based annotated proverbs.	JASIST	
Using course‐subject Co‐occurrence (CSCO) to reveal the structure of an academic discipline: A framework to evaluate different inputs of a domain map	"Perhaps the most significant contribution of this article is the analytic framework to compare multiple different algorithms, tools, and techniques at each stage of domain map production."	JASIST	
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"one contribution of this study is to call attention to the time dimension of the use of information sources, particularly the sustained use of one source."	JASIST	
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	This study represents an attempt to enhance our knowledge of this subject	JASIST	
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"Consistent with the existing literature, our results indicate that emotional factors are important in retaining users. Emotion‐related mechanisms, including feeling respected and supported as a unique individual, and not being pressed by others in decision making, help to cultivate users' autonomy in disease management."	JASIST	
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	This qualitative study also highlights the importance of information in retaining users in online health communities	JASIST	
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"This study also found that small group interactions may help to retain users, as such interactions can cultivate competence by supporting brainstorming and collective problem solving, and can cultivate relatedness by supporting the formation of stronger ties, closer relationships, and more prolonged communications."	JASIST	
Teen online information disclosure: Empirical testing of a protection motivation and social capital model	The current study contributes to the literature by building a conceptual model on teen online information disclosure that includes both teen and parental factors. The conceptual model proposed a general progression from teen and parental antecedents to teen online privacy concerns to teen protection behaviors to teen online information disclosure.	JASIST	
Teen online information disclosure: Empirical testing of a protection motivation and social capital model	"Along with our documentation of how online processes vary by different types of privacy protection behaviors, a novel contribution of the current study is the implementation of the outcome of teen online information disclosure."	JASIST	
Interfaces for accessing location‐based information on mobile devices: An empirical evaluation	the present study contributes to this stream of research by investigating performance and usability perceptions of three interfaces that have been commonly used for information‐seeking tasks.	JASIST	
Scientific research measures	The first contribution is to introduce a novel class of scientific performance measures designated Scientific Research Measures (SRMs).	JASIST	
Scientific research measures	The second contribution of this article is to introduce a further general class of research measures designated Dual SRMs.	JASIST	
Scientific research measures	The third contribution of this article is to present an extensive empirical application of SRMs.	JASIST	
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	"A large database of research paper metadata, including the citation network, title, abstract, keywords, authors, venues, and so forth."	JASIST	
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	An analysis of a number of keyword recommendation methods based on the citation network.	JASIST	
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	A novel text‐based method which is focused on the text in the abstract and title only.	JASIST	
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	Thorough offline experiments for the evaluation of the various methods.	JASIST	
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	A user study evaluating the opinion of researchers on the keyword recommendation engine.	JASIST	
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"It investigates three techniques for the provider to present itself to the user (reputation management, client‐side personalization, cloud‐based personalization) to obtain favorable privacy‐related attitudes."	JASIST	
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	It develops an integrated causal model that explains how these privacy‐related attitudes influence information disclosure in the context of personalization.	JASIST	
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"Using the Elaboration Likelihood Model (ELM), it identifies how the relative success of the presentation techniques depends on two personal variables (namely privacy self‐efficacy beliefs and general online privacy concerns)."	JASIST	
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"It validates the research model in an experiment (n = 390), focusing on actual information disclosure behavior as its outcome."	JASIST	
Is exploratory search different? A comparison of information search behavior for exploratory and lookup tasks	Our main contribution is a systematic enumeration and quantification of behavioral variables that can be used to separate lookup versus exploratory tasks.	JASIST	
Towards an understanding of the relationship between disciplinary research cultures and open access repository behaviors	The findings presented in this paper are important in that they contribute to the development of a greater understanding of disciplinary research cultures in relation to OAR and OA policy initiatives.	JASIST	
Towards an understanding of the relationship between disciplinary research cultures and open access repository behaviors	"The findings also inform methodological approaches for studying the information, dissemination, and publication behaviors of researchers."	JASIST	
Identification of nonliteral language in social media: A case study on sarcasm	"(a) the creation of a corpus that includes sarcastic utterances that have been explicitly identified as such by the writer of the message, and nonsarcastic utterances that express positive or negative attitudes without sarcasm;"	JASIST	
Identification of nonliteral language in social media: A case study on sarcasm	(b) a report on the performance of distinguishing sarcastic tweets from tweets that are straightforwardly positive or negative both by automatic methods (supervised machine‐learning methods) and by human judges.	JASIST	
Form‐ing institutional order: The scaffolding of lists and identifiers	"The main body of the paper is taken up with considering what Searle's social ontology offers to the framing of both data structures and the relationship of such artifacts to institutional order. The work of Searle never directly engages the notion of a data structure itself. Hence, the second main contribution of the current paper is to develop a perspective on the data structure that is consistent with Searle's theorization.

"	JASIST	
Form‐ing institutional order: The scaffolding of lists and identifiers	"This leads to another contribution, which is to demonstrate how data structures scaffold the constitution of institutional order."	JASIST	
Herd behavior in consumers’ adoption of online reviews	"According to our findings, herd factors are important determinants of online review adoption, and homophily factors have positive effects on herd factors. These findings contribute to the literature by showing that informational factors alone may be insufficient to provoke consumers’ adoption of online reviews."	JASIST	
University citation distributions	"First, using a large WoS data set consisting of 4.4 million articles published in 1998 to 2003 with a 5‐year citation window for each year, Albarrán et al. (2015) found that at least in some broad fields and in the all‐sciences case, the citation distributions of 36 countries and two residual geographical areas are not only highly skewed but also very similar across countries—a result parallel to our own for the 500 LR universities."	JASIST	
University citation distributions	"Second, Perianes‐Rodriguez and Ruiz‐Castillo (2015) studied a set of 2,530 highly productive economists who in 2007 worked in a selection of the top‐81 economics departments in the world. Contrary to previous results for field or country citation distributions, we found that productivity distributions were very different across the 81 economics departments."	JASIST	
University citation distributions	"Finally, Chatterjee et al. (2014) studied 42 academic institutions across the world, their publications in 4 years (1980, 1990, 2000, 2010), and the citations they have received up to July 2014 according to the WoS.5 Contrary to our first result, these authors claimed that their 42 citation distributions satisfy the universality condition."	JASIST	
Do autocomplete functions reduce the impact of dyslexia on information‐searching behavior? The case of Google	The novel contribution of this study is thus empirical evidence about what mechanisms reduce the effect of dyslexia in information search. Such knowledge is needed to develop design guidelines that better address search experiences for dyslexic users	JASIST	
Sharing “happy” information	The primary contribution of these findings to LIS research on information behavior is the establishment of the list of factors motivating individuals' information‐sharing behavior of nontask‐orientated happy information within a casual leisure environment.	JASIST	
Comparing and combining Content‐ and Citation‐based approaches for plagiarism detection	"(a) we survey the existing approaches for plagiarism detection based on content, based on content and structure, and based on citations and references; and"	JASIST	
Comparing and combining Content‐ and Citation‐based approaches for plagiarism detection	(b) we compare content and citation‐based approaches with the goal of evaluating whether they are complementary and if their combination can improve the quality of the detection.	JASIST	
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Our study aims to contribute to this growing line of research in three ways. First, we argue that the trade‐off between accessibility and quality might be less straightforward than is implied in these studies."	JASIST	
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Second, we argue that, to advance the quality versus accessibility debate and come to a better understanding of the validity of the three models of source selection found thus far, a more thorough description of moderating effects on accessibility and quality is necessary."	JASIST	
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Finally, in this line of research, there is an inclination to focus on contingencies that are likely to lead to more weight given to source quality when selecting information sources. We break this tendency by using time pressure as a potential contingency factor."	JASIST	
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	We provide theoretical justification for distinguishing three processes by which similar texts are authored.	JASIST	
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	We develop a randomized n‐gram extraction algorithm to capture text similarity based on n‐grams of different lengths that effectively tackles the computational challenge of counting vast numbers of arbitrarily long n‐grams based on a document‐pair sampling strategy.	JASIST	
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	"We conduct a study on a text corpus produced by members of the U.S. Congress, demonstrating that the distribution of n‐gram similarity between the members' statements is tri‐modal. We then show that each mode is most closely associated with different relationships known to exist between members of Congress: sharing topics, sharing rhetorical goals, and sharing sources."	JASIST	
Seeing is believing (or at least changing your mind): The influence of visibility and task complexity on preference changes in computer‐supported team decision making	"this study contributes to the literature by providing insight into how task characteristics can interact with GDSS tools to influence information exchange in team information processing, and it shows that such exchange can impact individual preferences."	JASIST	
Modeling journal bibliometrics to predict downloads and inform purchase decisions at university research libraries	One of the contributions from this research is the correlation of many advanced global metrics with local metrics to predict downloads of journal articles at a local institution.	JASIST	
Business process costs of implementing “gold” and “green” open access in institutional and national contexts	"this study contributes to the ongoing debate about OA implementation, helping to inform policy decisions at institutional and national levels."	JASIST	
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"This study will contribute to understanding the outcomes of social media ELIS, a topic that is rarely analyzed. Specifically, by testing several social media platforms (RQ1) and individual differences (RQ2), this study shows which user segments require more assistance with overcoming which type of informational problem."	JASIST	
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"Moreover, the study tested affective factors such as personal emotional control. The findings add insights to research on the affective dimensions of information behavior (Nahl & Bilal, 2007; Savolainen, 2014)."	JASIST	
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"By testing various interaction effects (RQ3), this research also provides a more nuanced understanding of the salient factors and relationships affecting SMIS."	JASIST	
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"Finally, this study suggests propositions for further hypothesis testing and theory development. As social media become pervasive, research on the informational outcomes of SMIS is both timely and necessary."	JASIST	
A content analysis of Twitter hyperlinks and their application in web resource indexing	"The major contributions of this study are the content analysis of hyperlinked resources, as well as the discovery of topical associations between some hashtags and hyperlinked resources."	JASIST	
A content analysis of Twitter hyperlinks and their application in web resource indexing	"this empirical study can contribute not only to web resource indexing, but also to tweet organization and access."	JASIST	
"Reducing digital divide effects through student engagement in coordinated game design, online resource use, and social computing activities in school"	"This research contributes to sociological and information sciences scholarship on digital inequality, and its results can inform the ongoing design and deployment of inquiry‐based instruction and learning innovations such as this one involving game design, informational resource use, and social media activities."	JASIST	
"Reducing digital divide effects through student engagement in coordinated game design, online resource use, and social computing activities in school"	"This study contributes to the literature by establishing an evidence base that gender, socioeconomic, achievement, and perhaps race and ethnicity gaps can be reduced through direct interventions such as these."	JASIST	
"Understanding scientific collaboration in the research life cycle: Bio‐ and nanoscientists' motivations, information‐sharing and communication practices, and barriers to collaboration"	"By informing the motivations for, communication and information‐sharing practices of, and barriers to collaboration of scientists in their research life cycle, the findings of this study should contribute to the design of research support for scientists working together."	JASIST	
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	This paper's contribution to the early but growing literature on the Wayback Machine concerns the approaches we used to identify and overcome these methodological issues.	JASIST	
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	"In particular, we put forth a six‐step process for accessing archived website information about SMEs, consisting of: (a) sampling, (b) organizing and defining the boundaries of the web crawl, (c) crawling, (d) website variable operationalization, (e) integration with other data sources, and (f) analysis."	JASIST	
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	We conclude by pointing out the importance of automation and manual verification to maximize the value of the Wayback Machine for social science analysis.	JASIST	
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"This study used “publication year” and “article similarity” as new factors in constructing the conceptual development trajectory model. This method can classify other concepts into suitable nodes, performing as the proposed model. Because the original main path analysis method identifies only the most core paths, this model was developed to prevent nodes from losing important information, which, in turn, can help in tracing the developmental trajectories of concepts."	JASIST	
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"Using the map constructed by the proposed model, researchers can view main concepts as research highlights for a 3‐year period in a node. Furthermore, using these nodes, researchers can determine which topics are enduring and valuable, which ones are active and survive over time, and which ones are of transient interest only (i.e., flashes in the pan). But, the proposed method may still lose some quite relevant and important documents that without related articles continued publishing in the trajectory map during in 3 years, even if the probability is very low."	JASIST	
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"The extraction concepts used here not only represent the developmental trajectory of research concepts in a field, but also suggest keywords that new entrants can use to search precisely for those articles that interest them. This study's results confirmed that the proposed method can provide precise keywords that can be used by researchers to search for articles from large databases even when they lack the research front of a field."	JASIST	
A mixture model of global internet capacity distributions	"This study makes theoretical and methodological contributions relevant to scholars and policy makers working in the area of international communication networks and the digital divide. In particular, our development of a preferential attachment‐based mixture model of bandwidth allocation provides a more nuanced picture of the digital gaps across the globe and their implications for other aspects of society. The approaches used in this study may be applied to studying the digital divide within a country or society."	JASIST	
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our first contribution is the development of a model of the media studies research cycle, which confirms earlier studies into the research cycle of humanities disciplines. Specifically, we found that the research cycle of media studies researchers shares similar activities as models developed to characterize the research cycle of literary critics and music scholars. We add to existing work by providing a detailed quantitative and qualitative analysis of the activities within the research cycle and how they interact. In particular, we found that information gathering and analysis activities are especially influential on research outcomes, which may be observed through changes in the research questions of media studies researchers."	JASIST	
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our second contribution is an identification of three types of changes that research questions may undergo during a research project: (a) questions become more specific, (b) additional questions are added, (c) or a changed perspective in the research question. Reasons for the changes in research questions can be found in the observation that media studies researchers learn about the availability of material, discover trends in the material, or gain alternative views on a topic. The main activities during which these changes occur are information gathering and data analysis. This finding implies the growing importance of data and tools and their role in the development of the questions researchers ask."	JASIST	
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our third contribution is the identification of the role of information sources and tools during information gathering and analysis activities and how these factors affect researchers' questions. We found that media studies researchers turn to new information sources for contextualization on the web, for example, blogs, online fora, as well as a diverse set of sources accessible though individual search services, for example, newspapers and archives."	JASIST	
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Finally, we found that challenges of accessibility and discoverability of primary source materials remain a concern and require continued attention."	JASIST	
Social‐media‐based public policy informatics: Sentiment and network analyses of U.S. Immigration and border security	"The contributions of this research include a new framework for social‐media‐based public policy informatics, a proof‐of‐concept system called iMood that demonstrates the feasibility and functionality of sentiment discovery and network analysis in the U.S. immigration and border security discussion on Twitter, new reusable data sets on social‐media‐based public policy discussion that contains network and sentiment analyses findings, and new empirical findings of the discussion based on iMood's results."	JASIST	
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	Our experiments with single users as well as pairs of users demonstrated that we could make reasonably accurate predictions in the early stage of their search process regarding their future performance (addressing RQ1).	JASIST	
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	"It was observed that features such as number of snippets, query specific features like length of query, number of tokens in query, and query entropy, were not significantly contributing to discriminating between the classes in the classification models at the early stages (t = 1,2,3) of the search process. This is because there were very few snippets/queries, which were used early during the process when a user is uncertain about the task at hand. In other words, query‐related features were found to be inadequate indicators of search performance in the beginning of an information‐seeking process."	JASIST	
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	"We also found that later during the process most of the features were found to be contributing significantly to the classification model (addressing RQ2). This finding helps to provide a better structure for process‐focused IR evaluations. Such evaluations could include those utilizing time‐series attributes of a search process in order to assess the effectiveness of a search system or a user, as well as predicting how the search process might look in the future. For instance, one could devise an evaluation metric that is time‐dependent in that it would measure and account for different forms of information objects and user actions for evaluating the goodness of the search process depending on the time (absolute and relative with the overall task)."	JASIST	
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	"(a) a revisitation of the characterization reported in (Mourão et al., 2008), with the inclusion of a third data set belonging to a distinct and more dynamic domain, in order to strengthen the argument for the existence of such temporal effects;"	JASIST	
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	"(b) the proposal of a method to enable a deeper and quantitative study of the aforementioned temporal effects, by means of a factorial experimental design aimed at uncovering how each temporal effect affects each TC algorithm and textual data set; and"	JASIST	
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	"(c) an instantiation of that method using several data sets and TC algorithms, along with a detailed study regarding the impact of the temporal effects on them. Specifically, we focus on four traditional TC algorithms, namely, Rocchio, K Nearest Neighbors (KNN), Naïve Bayes and Support Vector Machine (SVM), and on three different and widely used textual collections covering long time periods, namely, ACM‐DL (22 consecutive years), MEDLINE (15 consecutive years), and finally, AG‐NEWS (573 consecutive days)."	JASIST	
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	(a) We studied and characterized the citation‐based ranking performance given imperfect citation metadata.	JASIST	
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	"(b) By using a real‐world scientific data set (ACM DL), we designed an innovative experiment to simulate different citation‐missing environments to verify the ranking performance."	JASIST	
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	(c) We employed a two‐step method to remedy the citation‐based ranking performance. The results of this study are important for real‐world scientific information retrieval or recommendation systems on both a theoretical and a practical level.	JASIST	
Indexing by Latent Dirichlet Allocation and an Ensemble Model†	"First, we present Indexing by latent Dirichlet allocation (LDI), an automatic document indexing method. Many ad hoc applications, or their variants with smoothing techniques suggested in LDA‐based language modeling, can result in unsatisfactory performance as the document representations do not accurately reflect concept space. To improve document retrieval performance, we introduce a new definition of document probability vectors in the context of LDA and present a novel scheme for automatic document indexing based on LDA."	JASIST	
Indexing by Latent Dirichlet Allocation and an Ensemble Model†	"Second, we propose an Ensemble Model (EnM) for document retrieval. EnM combines basic indexing models by assigning different weights and attempts to uncover the optimal weights to maximize the mean average precision. To solve the optimization problem, we propose an algorithm, which is derived based on the boosting method. The results of our computational experiments on benchmark data sets indicate that both the proposed approaches are viable options for document retrieval."	JASIST	
The “total cost of publication” in a hybrid open‐access environment: Institutional approaches to funding journal article‐processing charges in combination with subscriptions	This article makes an early contribution to the process of capturing and analyzing those experiences. There is clearly a need to continue to monitor developments and subject them to rigorous scrutiny in order to inform future developments both in the United Kingdom and beyond.	JASIST	
Understanding collaborative search for places of interest	"the primary contribution of this paper is an investigation of collaborative behavior associated with local search for places of interest on mobile or nonmobile devices, including the prevalence of multiparty participation, collaboration settings, how it occurs, the difficulties that might be associated with it, and the group‐based, decision‐making process."	JASIST	
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	"(a) to present the usefulness of expansion terms, we propose two term truth labeling strategies;"	JASIST	
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	(b) we define a large set of term features and examine their effectiveness based on their different combinations; and	JASIST	
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	(c) we examine and compare several state‐of‐the‐art learning to rank methods for term refinement.	JASIST	
The decision to submit to a journal: Another example of a valence‐consistent Shift?	"In this article we contribute to this literature by investigating the relative weight attached to factors in a researcher's decision process, for authors active in the information sciences."	JASIST	
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	"Drawing on the information systems and information science literature, we contribute to research in the area by developing a model to examine the relationship between data quality and data reusers' satisfaction. Specifically, in this paper we report on a survey conducted among social scientists that reused data housed at the Inter‐University Consortium for Political and Social Research (ICPSR)."	JASIST	
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	"Our study contributes to the data reuse literature by extending beyond merely highlighting what data quality attributes are important in the early stages of data reuse. By surveying social scientists retrospectively, our study contributes knowledge about what attributes influence satisfaction with the entire data reuse process."	JASIST	
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	"Moreover, we contribute a complementary perspective on repository success that is rooted in data reusers' perceptions of their whole data reuse experience and offer suggestions about how repository staff might influence perceptions of data quality and thereby increase repository success. In the following sections of the paper, we contextualize our study through a literature review, introduce our research model, and discuss our research method."	JASIST	
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"The contribution of this study is that it looks simultaneously into five different academic fields and an interdisciplinary journal, where IBD has been used for large‐scale coauthorship network analysis."	JASIST	
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"In addition, with author numbers ranging from 12,000 to 24,000, which are almost the same or lower numbers than those used in previous large‐scale coauthorship network research, this study will provide an insight on the magnitude of the impact of IBD."	JASIST	
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"Furthermore, this study investigates how much merging and splitting each affect the identification of (a) actual individuals (b) top authors in terms of productivity and popularity, with the latter being measured as number of coauthors."	JASIST	
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a new strategy for improving word cloud generation for Twitter users by exploiting all the past user information to generate more personalized word clouds, which outperforms the state‐of‐the‐art method (which is nonpersonalized)."	JASIST	
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a general framework to effectively combine three types of user information, that is, tweets written by a user, tweets retweeted, and tweets ignored by the user, for generation of personalized word cloud, and systematically examine the effectiveness of each type of user information."	JASIST	
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a new way of evaluating word clouds quantitatively based on tweet ranking, which can reveal subtle differences of different word clouds."	JASIST	
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	We evaluate the proposed methods and come up with the following findings: (a) The retweeted tweets by users are generally more useful than the tweets written by the user for word cloud generation. (b) The ignored tweets can also be exploited to further improve the quality of word clouds. (c) A combination of all the user information yields the best results.	JASIST	
Blocked: When the information is hidden by the visualization	This work makes a direct contribution to the understanding of the aspects of 3D visualizations that reduce or enhance their effectiveness. The understanding of these aspects contributes to the design and use of any 3D visualization in a way that helps users to better interact with information.	JASIST	
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	In this paper we presented an empirical study designed to compare different types of online collaborative platforms in terms of their ability to mediate collaboration effectively in a collective forecasting task	JASIST	
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	"We also found that the users of the hybrid CCSAV reported more limited deterioration in the collaborative performance compared to those using the plain argumentation platform, but the differences in the pairwise comparison among the tools were not significant after we discounted the nonindependence effect from the ANOVA results."	JASIST	
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	"inally, we propose a rigorous experimental design that could be replicated by other scholars with more groups and resources."	JASIST	
Characteristics of tagging behavior in digitized humanities online collections	"The findings will contribute to understanding how humanities resources should be represented to support the needs of researchers, and shed light on designing a system that could support users of digital collections."	JASIST	
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(1) A hypernetwork for social tagging is constructed in which nodes represent users, resources, and tags, and hyperedges represent tagging actions. Each hyperedge links one user, one resource, and one or more tags; this description is different from the single tag approach used in the current literature."	JASIST	
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(2) Quantitative measures for the constructed hypernetwork are defined for exploring tag usage patterns and regularities: the hyperdegree and its distribution, the excess average hyperdegree, and the hyperdegree conditional probability distribution."	JASIST	
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(3) Based on the defined quantitative measures, the usage patterns and regularities of co‐employment of different popular tags and their correlations to the activeness of users and the interest level of resources are explored by conducting an empirical study using the data set from Delicious."	JASIST	
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(4) The empirical results are further discussed and explained by combining tag functions and motivations; thus, the implications and suggestions for tagging users and service providers of social tagging regarding the use of various popular tags are presented."	JASIST	
A knowledge‐based approach to Information Extraction for semantic interoperability in the archaeology domain	Major contributions include recognition of relevant entities using shallow parsing NLP techniques driven by a complimentary use of ontological and terminological domain resources and empirical derivation of context‐driven RE rules for the recognition of semantic relationships from phrases of unstructured text.	JASIST	
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Given the high costs of deploying technologies in educational settings and a paucity of evidence regarding the benefits of children's use of tablet computers, this study contributes to the area of instructional technology, particularly regarding the factors that improve the effective interaction and engagement of children.
"	JASIST	
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"First, what content is communicated between the child and the tablet computer: Is the aim of developers to promote the exploration of concepts; reinforce classroom instruction though practicing skills; and/or offer more fun and engaging formats for educational material, and what pedagogical approach are developers employing in the creation of the app?

"	JASIST	
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Second, how is content communicated between the child and the tablet: Which features or capabilities of tablet computers are currently being exploited by developers in applications (e.g., gesture types) and which ones are not; to what extent are children able to successfully execute the input requests of the devices by hand‐/stylus‐based gestures; and can we determine whether or not the information transmitted to the child in the child‐tablet interaction is being understood by the child (i.e., when the tablet instructs a child to interact with a specific location on the screen, does the child understand the request)?

"	JASIST	
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Third, how engaged are children in the child‐tablet interaction and what factors influence this engagement? We compare different tablet computers to one another to assess whether engagement differs among the various types of tablet computers. It is important to note that, in a learning context, it is not desirable to separate children's interactions with a tablet computer from their interaction with a specific application. All educational content is accessed through an application, and as such, any analysis of child‐tablet interaction is, inherently, shaped by the application in use. Thus, the application should be factored into analyses of what content is communicated, how content is communicated, and whether children are engaged."	JASIST	
"Data, ideology, and the developing critical program of social informatics"	the contribution of this article is to address and re‐evaluate the fundamental philosophical basis of how Social Informatics might approach a critique of ideology today in light of the developing relationship between computerization and society.	JASIST	
A relational altmetric? Network centrality on ResearchGate as an indicator of scientific impact	This paper contributes to the state of knowledge on social media use in academia by focusing on the latter question: We collected use data on the academic networking platform ResearchGate generated by members of the business department of a Swiss university to explore whether scientific impact could be estimated by applying a network analysis approach to social media data	JASIST	
A relational altmetric? Network centrality on ResearchGate as an indicator of scientific impact	"Our analysis thereby also contributes to the current debate on impact assessment employing online data (“altmetrics”) by adopting a relational, personal networking perspective (Priem & Hemminger, 2010). To date, network centrality measures derived from social network analysis of academic SNS have not been considered in the context of impact assessment. Our results, while based on a small, exploratory study, suggest that such measures do relate to established impact metrics and therefore might be helpful, at least in complementing existing forms of impact assessment."	JASIST	
User experience with commercial music services: An empirical exploration	Our findings may help improve the design of music services and also expand our understanding of user needs.	JASIST	
User experience with commercial music services: An empirical exploration	"In addition, we hope to contribute towards establishing a framework for evaluating the user experience specifically for music services."	JASIST	
Indexing biomedical documents with a possibilistic network	"Our main contribution is to use a possibilistic network to extract concepts, which allowed estimation of the similarity between a document and a given concept, using two measures."	JASIST	
Indexing biomedical documents with a possibilistic network	"We also propose giving more importance to extracted terms with all their words in the same phrase. In addition, our contribution in step 3 is to keep only relevant concepts among those with a subset of the words of their RTs not occurring in the document by using the UMLS."	JASIST	
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"First, we formally define a new concept named QL for feedback documents. 
"	JASIST	
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"Second, we introduce two assumptions of QL and propose two strategies to estimate the QL of feedback documents. This can help other researchers go further and make better use of the QL information. 
"	JASIST	
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"Finally, we integrate the QL factor into PRF and propose a learning‐to‐rank approach for quality‐aware PRF. Extensive experiments on five standard TREC (Text REtrieval Conference) data sets show that our proposed framework can outperform strong baselines significantly."	JASIST	
Interacting with archival finding aids	Results contribute to the archival science literature and also suggest ways to extend models of human information interaction.	JASIST	
A web analytics approach for appraising electronic resources in academic libraries	"One of the contributions from this research is the creation of advanced web metrics based on combining raw numbers such as JR1 frequencies, cost data, and funding areas. These advanced metrics will help in evaluating how successful the library is at meeting the goal of providing access to valuable content."	JASIST	
Can Amazon.com reviews help to assess the wider impacts of books?	"This study contributes a new altmetric source, Amazon.com book reviews (number, stars, and sentiments), and compares it with citation metrics (Thomson Reuters Book Citation Index and Google Books) and noncitation metrics (WorldCat.org and Mendeley) as well as Amazon.com sales ranks."	JASIST	
Enhanced self‐citation detection by fuzzy author name matching and complementary error estimates	"First, I apply a fuzzy string matching algorithm for self‐citation detection and benchmark this approach and other common methods of exclusively author name‐based self‐citation detection against a manually curated ground truth sample. Near full recall can be achieved with the proposed method while incurring only negligible precision loss."	JASIST	
Enhanced self‐citation detection by fuzzy author name matching and complementary error estimates	"Second, I report some important observations from the results about the extent of latent self‐citations and their characteristics and give an example of the effect of improved self‐citation detection on the document level self‐citation rate of real data."	JASIST	
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"First, Twitter messages are examined to assess perceptions of the personalities of candidates. Other studies sort messages about candidates into positive, neutral, and negative sentiment (Chung & Mustafaraj, 2011; Diakopoulos & Shamma, 2010; Gayo‐Avello, Metaxas, & Mustafaraj, 2011), but in this research a well‐established trait‐and‐personality lexicon of 110 terms is used that are then shown to form 14 dimensions. This gives both a fuller and a more fine‐grained analysis of how political personalities are viewed. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study of social media to examine views of the personalities of candidates."	JASIST	
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"Second, the Twitter messages on personality perceptions are analyzed over time. This is to determine if the trends observed are consistent with intuitive expectations, given external events. For example, we examine trends around Obama's announcement of the auto bailouts in February 2012 and the October 2012 presidential debate.

"	JASIST	
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"Third, the method for extracting opinions on personality differs from the norms in political sentiment research, which we believe is an important contribution. A classifier‐based approach (e.g., Monti et al., 2013; Wang, Can, Kazemzadeh, Bar, & Narayanan, 2012; Younus et al., 2011) would be highly challenging, as it would require a classifier for each of 110 traits. A standard lexicon‐based count method (e.g., Chung & Mustafaraj, 2011; Gayo‐Avello et al., 2011; Kim & Yoo, 2012; Tumasjan, Sprenger, Sandner, & Welpe, 2010; Wu, Wong, Deng, & Chang, 2011) is risky in terms of accuracy. Instead, a high‐precision retrieval strategy built from a trait‐and‐personality lexicon widely used in political science research is developed. This high‐precision retrieval strategy is assessed for precision, recall, and F score (described later)."	JASIST	
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	"For post classification, we propose features that utilize content of the post, structure of the discussion thread and properties of the participating users. Further, we also employ features based on sentiment analysis of the post text."	JASIST	
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed features on data set derived from two real world forums belonging to different genres and achieve strong classification results using the proposed feature set. We also study the relative importance of individual feature types and analyze their performance on two different data sets.	JASIST	
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	"As a use case for demonstrating the utility of identifying roles of user posts, we incorporate post class label information in a state‐of‐the‐art forum thread retrieval model and achieve statistically significant improvements in retrieval performance as measured by different metrics."	JASIST	
Question types and intermediary elicitations	"On the theoretical side, our work relates to two bodies of literature, question types and elicitations. Prior literature on question types motivates question classification in a number of ways, including shedding light on the nature of librarians' (or other intermediaries') jobs, and as an important first step in automated question answering (Pomerantz, 2005). It has also established question type as an antecedent of other important variables, such as search styles (White & Iivonen, 2001) and the effectiveness of retrieval methods (Keyes, 1996). We contribute to this literature by showing question type as influencing the kinds of clarifications that must be made to provide a good answer. These details have direct practical application to the design of semi‐automated question answering systems, as well as guidance for human intermediaries.

"	JASIST	
Question types and intermediary elicitations	"Our work also contributes to the literature on elicitations. Prior literature motivates the importance of elicitation classifications as guiding the design of semi‐automated question‐answering systems (Belkin et al., 1987) and as helpful to training and guiding human intermediaries (Ingwersen, 1992). However, with a few exceptions (e.g., White & Iivonen, 2001) prior literature on elicitations has been mostly descriptive and has not established their causal relationships with other variables. Our study contributes tentative models that relate elicitations to question types, as well as prices. This also opens the door to further research on the value of intermediary elicitations. A practical implication of the relationship between elicitations and price is the feasibility of using question type as the basis for establishing prices for question‐answer services."	JASIST	
Content‐based image retrieval methods and professional image users	"Because user studies in the area of CBIR technologies have been limited (Datta, Joshi, Li, & Wang, 2008; Enser, 2008; Graham, 2004; Kherfi, Ziou, & Bernardi, 2004), this study's primary contribution is its first‐hand accounts of potential users' ideas concerning these systems."	JASIST	
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"First, the simulation results show that the rate of forgetting has a significant negative effect on stakeholders' perceptions and the incremental rate of NAI has a positive effect on the maximum level of stakeholders' perceptions and a negative effect on the duration of stakeholder perceptions. Additionally, the rate of diffusion of the disaster messages cannot change overall stakeholder perceptions if the target population is the same."	JASIST	
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"Second, there are delay effects, stagnation effects, and cumulation effects in the evolution of stakeholders' perceptions. The delay effect refers to the maximum number of stakeholders' perceptions that occurs after the peak in the number of daily disaster messages. The stagnation effect shows that stakeholders' perceptions rise rapidly and decline slowly. The cumulative effect means that stakeholders' perceptions of a second event will merge into their perceptions of a previous event when the second one occurs before memories of the first one decay."	JASIST	
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"Third, there is a spike at the beginning of the profile of stakeholders' perceptions with the Damped Exponential Model in which stakeholders' perceptions immediately jump to a high level."	JASIST	
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"Finally, the maximum level of stakeholders' perceptions appears later for the Damped Exponential Model than for the Normal Model."	JASIST	
The three dimensions of website navigability: Explication and effects	"First, we propose and provide an explication of navigability that is not unidimensional, but identifies three components of navigability on the basis of the existing literature."	JASIST	
The three dimensions of website navigability: Explication and effects	"Second, we examine the validity of this explication by manipulating these three dimensions orthogonally in an organizational website and testing their individual and aggregate impacts on user experiences and perceptions."	JASIST	
A new approach for main path analysis: Decay in knowledge diffusion	"First, it suggests that one should reconsider the previous assumption that knowledge emanates without any decay in main path analysis and provides alternatives to that end. The new decay approach is closer to real‐world situations and therefore finds more reasonable main paths."	JASIST	
A new approach for main path analysis: Decay in knowledge diffusion	"Second, this study provides a methodological formulation and highlights the properties of the new approach, thus providing a sound basis for further development of main path analysis."	JASIST	
"Classifying Twitter favorites: Like, bookmark, or Thanks?"	"The first contribution of this work lies in identifying five categories of favorites usage (i.e., like, bookmark, thanks, conversational, and self‐promotion), three of which have not been studied in related work. Moreover, this adds a new dimension of classifying Twitter users, because their favoriting behavior is consistent over time, that is, some users are likers, whereas others are bookmarkers."	JASIST	
"Classifying Twitter favorites: Like, bookmark, or Thanks?"	"Another important contribution is an automatic method for favorites classification, which demonstrates a high degree of success in automatically matching human judgments in classifying favorites according to usage type."	JASIST	
An exploratory study of the information‐seeking activities of adolescents in a discussion forum	"This can contribute to both educational psychology and library and information science. Understanding the benefits that adolescents gain from using forums to satisfy their information needs and the potential limits or risks contributes to identification of the developmental implications of Internet use (Subrahmanyam & Smahel, 2011)."	JASIST	
An exploratory study of the information‐seeking activities of adolescents in a discussion forum	"Furthermore, it can be useful for proposing guidelines to teenagers and educational programs to support their social development or to improve their information literacy."	JASIST	
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"First, most previous studies used a quantitative approach to explore the usage patterns among microbloggers. These studies crawled data from microblogging sites and used social network analysis to explore how and why people used microblogging. In this study, a different approach was adopted, and an online survey was conducted to identify key motivations for microblogging and to examine how the fulfillment of these motivations affected user satisfaction. This study triangulated the results and provided empirical support for the hypothesis that people use microblogging as an information‐broadcasting platform, rather than as a social networking site. In addition, the empirical investigation demonstrated the relative importance of various antecedent factors for user satisfaction. This study adds to the limited studies on microblogging usage and provides a platform for future research.

"	JASIST	
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"Second, the U&G framework was used to identify the four major types of motivations for microblogging. Specifically, we identified and proposed a new form of motivation (i.e., technology gratifications) that is specific to microblogging. The results suggest that the U&G framework provides a good start for an investigation of the use of new media. However, the results also show that traditional dimensions in the U&G framework do not adequately explain new types of social media. For instance, some widely recognized motivations, such as social gratifications and process gratifications, were not found to be significant in the context of microblogging. Thus, there is a need to explore and validate new dimensions for different types of media.
"	JASIST	
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"
Finally, a higher‐order factor model of user satisfaction with microblogging was developed. Social scientists have advocated the use of a hierarchical factor structure for the study of human judgment (Harlow & Newcomb, 1990; Marsh & Hocevar, 1985). They argue that a higher‐order factor model can capture overall user evaluations through the underlying commonality among dimensions in the second‐order factor. In addition, they suggest that a higher‐order factor model alleviates the multicollinearity that may be present among the observed variables and the first‐order unobservable constructs (Reddy & Labarbera, 1985; Weeks, 1980). This was one of the few studies to investigate user satisfaction using a composite latent variable approach (except Cheung and Lee [2008]). Future studies should consider this model structure."	JASIST	
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	a study of the impact of cold start on associative tag recommendation;	JASIST	
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	the use of negative and positive feedback as a means to mitigate the problem;	JASIST	
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	the introduction of relevance feedback to an existing GP‐based tag recommendation method; and	JASIST	
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	"a thorough evaluation of our proposed methods, which includes original analyses of the sensitivity of the proposed methods to the lack of user cooperation and user reliability."	JASIST	
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"In comparison with available models (Anandan et al., 2012; Cumby & Ghani, 2011), which assume that all risky terms (sensitive entities or related terms) have been identified a priori, our proposal automatizes both the detection of terms that can disclose sensitive data via semantic inferences and their protection. This relieves human sanitizers from manually identifying related terms, which has been identified as one of the most difficult and time‐consuming challenges (Bier et al., 2009; Gordon, 2013). To do so, our model considers, as human sanitizers do, the semantic relationships by which terms or combinations of terms appearing in a document would disclose sensitive information via semantic inferences. Moreover, our proposal automatizes both the redaction and sanitization of risky terms. Hence, it facilitates the design of automatic methods that cover the whole sanitization/redaction task."	JASIST	
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Our approach offers a flexible and intuitive way of setting the privacy requirements in specific scenarios, by stating what is considered sensitive and up to which degree it should be hidden. Contrary to models like t‐plausibility (Anandan et al., 2012), it offers a clear and a priori privacy guarantee on how sensitive entities will be protected, which does not depend on the document size or the number of sensitive entities. Moreover, the privacy criterion can be set using intuitive linguistic labels rather than abstract numbers. As a result, the model can be easily and straightforwardly instantiated according to current legislations and regulations on data privacy (Department for a Healthy New York, 2013; Department of Health and Human Services, 2000; Health Privacy Project, 2013; Legal Information Institute, 2013; Terry & Francis, 2007; European Parliament and the Council of the EU, 1995), whose rules are also expressed linguistically (e.g., disease names, locations, etc.). Finally, our model supports both anonymity and confidentiality, thus enabling its application in scenarios in which identities should be hidden (Department of Health and Human Services, 2000) and in which confidential attributes should be protected (Health Privacy Project, 2013)."	JASIST	
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Contrary to privacy models derived from k‐anonymity (Cumby & Ghani, 2011; Chakaravarthy et al., 2008), our proposal supports the sanitization of individual documents, which is very convenient when managing heterogeneous sets of documents or in environments in which input documents are produced sequentially (e.g., e‐mails from an individual's mail account)."	JASIST	
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Contrary to t‐plausibility (Anandan et al., 2012), our model does not require a knowledge base to protect the input document, even though its availability will contribute to improve the utility of the sanitized output."	JASIST	
The invariant distribution of references in scientific articles	"This study contributes to this literature by studying references found in scientific papers in relation to the categories of the IMRaD structure of scientific papers (introduction, methods, results, and discussion)."	JASIST	
A new approach to the QS university ranking using the composite I‐distance indicator: Uncertainty and sensitivity analyses	"We propose an alternative approach to creating QS scores, which is referred to as the composite I‐distance indicator (CIDI) methodology. The main contribution is the proposal of a composite indicator weights correction based on the CIDI methodology. It leads to the improved stability and reduced uncertainty of the QS ranking system. The CIDI methodology is also applicable to other university rankings by proposing a specific statistical approach to creating a composite indicator."	JASIST	
The extraction of community structures from publication networks to support ethnographic observations of field differences in scientific communication	"In this article we report first results using network analytic methods to reveal community structures within scientific fields, thereby contributing to the literature about the mapping of research specialties recently reviewed by Morris and Van der Veer Martens (2008)."	JASIST	
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	The primary contribution of this article is a theory‐driven approach to ontology development that supports semantic augmentation of digital traces.	JASIST	
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	"Specifically, we argue that (a) activity theory can be used to develop more insightful conceptual models of ill‐defined activities,"	JASIST	
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	"which (b) can be used to inform the development of an ontology, and"	JASIST	
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	(c) that this ontology can be used to guide the semantic augmentation of digital traces for making sense of phenomena.	JASIST	
The intellectual characteristics of the information field: Heritage and substance	The present study supports and clarifies some of the existing heuristics and formal conceptualizations and provides additional empirical evidence to shed light on the IField phenomenon.	JASIST	
The intellectual characteristics of the information field: Heritage and substance	The research method and process yield a rich set of classifications that can be used in future studies.	JASIST	
Investigating religious information searching through analysis of a search engine log	The main contribution of this study is an analysis of users' searching behavior when locating religion‐related information.	JASIST	
Statistical common author networks	"We have described the development and execution of a novel method of visualizing scientific areas by looking at common authors, which is valuable in the study of emerging interdisciplinary areas. The links in this network are a function of how easily the methods and training in one area can contribute to work in a related area"	JASIST	
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	The main contribution of this article is in offering a new conceptualization and methods to automatically organize and derive meaning from the increasing volume of online information.	JASIST	
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	"Moreover, by analyzing a much longer period than previous studies, we could offer a more comprehensive understanding of the changes in the representation of the world."	JASIST	
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	A more theoretical contribution of this article is in explaining why some previous studies focused on hierarchical and others on flat information structures.	JASIST	
Reliability and validity of query intent assessments	"Our work is an important contribution to the field of query intent classification because (a) the reliability and validity of intent annotations are indicators for the suitability of these annotations as test data for automatic intent annotation, and"	JASIST	
Reliability and validity of query intent assessments	(b) our multidimensional intent classification scheme reveals which aspects of search intent are likely to be more appropriate for automatic classification and which are expected to be less appropriate. We intend to make our data set publicly available.	JASIST	
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"First, we investigate how the term proximity models perform in the blog environment because the above four models provide comprehensive coverage of the existing term proximity models."	JASIST	
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"Second, we conduct extensive and thorough experiments to examine the performance gain of proximity‐based models in the blogosphere. Given the results, we conclude that the use of the term proximity information is highly beneficial to retrieval from the heterogeneous blogosphere."	JASIST	
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"Finally, we experiment with the opinionated proximity model to further investigate the usefulness of the proximity between query terms and opinionated words in a blog post."	JASIST	
Information systems attachment: An empirical exploration of its antecedents and its impact on community participation	"This study contributes theoretically and empirically to the body of IS use research and has managerial implications, suggesting that although superior performance is a necessary condition for attachment formation, improving users' experience through expressive visual aesthetics and personalization is critical to build strong attachment relationships with users."	JASIST	
Deriving query suggestions for site search	"First, it demonstrates how to systematically evaluate query suggestions (before assessing them in a live system)."	JASIST	
Deriving query suggestions for site search	"Second, the systematic evaluation of a comprehensive list of log‐based query suggestion methods over a local website is of significance."	JASIST	
On the assessment of expertise profiles	"The release of a test collection for assessing expert profiling—the TU expert collection—plus a critical assessment and analysis of this test collection. Test collections support the continuous evaluation and improvement of retrieval models by researchers and practitioners, in this case, in the field of expertise retrieval."	JASIST	
On the assessment of expertise profiles	"Insights into the performance of current expert‐profiling systems through an extensive error analysis, plus a content analysis of feedback of experts on the generated profiles. These insights lead to recommendations for improving expertise profiling systems."	JASIST	
On the assessment of expertise profiles	Insights into the differences in evaluation outcomes between evaluating the two sets of ground truth released with this article. This will allow researchers and practitioners in the field of expertise retrieval to understand the performance of their own systems better.	JASIST	
You scratch someone's back and we'll scratch yours: Collective reciprocity in social Q&A communities	The study contributes to enhancing our understanding of reciprocal behavior in online spaces and provides empirical evidence to support the collective reciprocity premise.	JASIST	
The effect of ad rank on the performance of keyword advertising campaigns	"We believe that the research presented here is a valuable contribution to the growing area of study in the sponsored search and keyword advertising area. As well as its academic value, our study is also of practical worth for advertisers currently engaged in online advertising campaigns by providing them a number of ad placement strategies."	JASIST	
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"First, we present an improved and holistic e‐mail leakage detection approach that analyzes the overall information flow through e‐mail in the organization."	JASIST	
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"Second, this method employs an enhanced text‐analysis algorithm suitable for identifying similar topics and sensitive content in e‐mail."	JASIST	
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"Third, the proposed approach can analyze e‐mail sent between two users with no prior e‐mail exchange on a specific sensitive topic, and therefore yields better detection results."	JASIST	
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"Finally, the proposed approach is more relaxed in terms of privacy because the model is generated based on information about groups of users and their common topics, rather than the exact communication links."	JASIST	
Tracing the footprint of knowledge spillover: Evidence from U.S.–China collaboration in nanotechnology	"Past literature has not been able to investigate adequately the impact of knowledge spillover on nanotechnology development. One challenge is the difficulty of empirically measuring spillovers. Unlike the previous literature, which adopts only citation‐based indicators to examine such an impact, this study also experiments with a new method of identifying the unique research stream(s) of an individual scientist and of determining whether any discontinuity in the research topic is correlated with an international collaboration."	JASIST	
Knowledge popularity in a heterogeneous network: Exploiting the contextual effects of document popularity in knowledge management systems	"This paper contributes to the extant literature on knowledge popularity by identifying contextual attributions of knowledge, and empirically tests the impact of their interactions on knowledge popularity."	JASIST	
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"First, even with the same citation network topology, different publications can make different contributions (i.e., have different authority) to different scientific topics. In addition, topic authorities can be nonuniformly distributed to other cited publications in terms of the citation topic distributions' inferred transitioning probabilities."	JASIST	
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"Second, unlike classical, unsupervised topic modeling algorithms, the topics in this research are associated with scientific keywords (supervised learning), which can help to interpret and evaluate the results."	JASIST	
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"Last, because we utilize full‐text citation analysis, one paper can have more than one citation edge with the other paper."	JASIST	
Improving polarity classification of bilingual parallel corpora combining machine learning and semantic orientation approaches	"The main contribution of this article is to show how the combination of ML and SO over a parallel corpus is a promising approach that obtains higher performance than when we use them separately. Although the ML approach is very well‐known, the use of SWN is not so well known among the OM community. We feel that SWN is a very valuable resource and should be used. In addition, there are not many works dealing with Arabic resources, so the handling of the OCA and the EVOCA corpora introduces some novelty in the OM area."	JASIST	
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	" the first contribution of our work is the proposal of an emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for representing text for polarity and intensity classification purposes. To verify that our model allows for improvements over conventional approaches, the model proposed is implemented and tested on two different types of texts: news headlines and hotel reviews. The results are next compared with those achieved by two state‐of‐art systems based on polar expressions. We conclude that modeling the effect of modifiers from an emotional perspective significantly increases accuracy in polarity and intensity classification.

"	JASIST	
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	"The second contribution relates to the study of modality. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that presents an exhaustive discussion on the different uses of modality in SA, and analyzes and measures the effect of the various modal forms on the emotions affected by them.

"	JASIST	
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	"Finally, this article also studies and quantifies the separate effect of negation, intensifiers, and modality in different classification tasks and data sets as well as the joint effect of such modifiers. An interesting and novel finding is that synergies exist between them, so that the effect of combining modifiers is usually more than the sum of their effects alone."	JASIST	
The use of different information and communication technologies to support knowledge sharing in organizations: From e‐mail to micro‐blogging	"First, in our investigation, we paid attention not only to how each tool helps reduce challenges in knowledge sharing but also to how the different tools relate to each other in serving employees′ work needs."	JASIST	
The use of different information and communication technologies to support knowledge sharing in organizations: From e‐mail to micro‐blogging	"Second, in comparing ICTs, we connect behavioral research on knowledge management with empirical studies on ICT design. Even in the design‐driven human–computer interaction (HCI) research community, there has been a clear trend since the ethnographic study by McDonald and Ackerman (1998) on how organizational knowledge gets created and shared. Because knowledge management is deeply social in nature (Thomas, Kellogg, & Erickson, 2001), we believe that making such a connection between behavioral research and tool design can make a valuable contribution to the HCI research community, because the absence of such a connection may result in a proliferation of tools that do not necessarily address real‐life work challenges."	JASIST	
The roles of bridging and bonding in social media communities	"First, this study empirically examines the relationship between bridging and bonding. Although prior studies suggest bridging is intertwined with bonding in concept (Burt, 2000), they did not conduct experimental studies and test the relationship between bridging and bonding quantitatively. Our study is one of the first studies to empirically investigate the association between bridging and bonding.

"	JASIST	
The roles of bridging and bonding in social media communities	"Second, this study conducts an in‐depth investigation of the roles of bonding and bridging as social capital in shaping information exchange in a virtual community. Extant studies examine knowledge contribution in virtual communities, but the role of information exchange is not well studied. This study attempts to go beyond past studies by looking at two aspects of user contribution, information quantity and information quality."	JASIST	
What happens to computer science research after it is published? Tracking CS research lines	"By contrasting the journal and the conference samples, we also intend to contribute to the ongoing debate about the roles of those media in the field of computer science."	JASIST	
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	"We proposed a generic TSDW framework. TSDW is able to accommodate different semantic relatedness measures for Wikipedia in different languages, making it suitable for different application settings."	JASIST	
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	TSDW exploits the semantic context of both unambiguous and ambiguous keyphrases with a two‐stage disambiguator. The valuable semantic information contained in the ambiguous keyphrases can help alleviate the data sparsity problem encountered by using the unambiguous keyphrases alone.	JASIST	
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	"To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to study the performance of existing state‐of‐the‐art approaches and TSDW using data sets in multiple (two) languages, English and Traditional Chinese, in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. This has significant implications for any future related works."	JASIST	
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	The contributions of our work are: (1) the identification of a novel problem;	JASIST	
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	(2) the algorithm that combines the suggestions of the basic text and image processing methods in a way that improves the overall system performance; and	JASIST	
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	(3) the evaluation of feasibility of the proposed automated multipanel figure segmentation solution.	JASIST	
Session analysis of people search within a professional social network	"In contrast with all the previous researches introduced above, in this article, we contribute to the existing literature by performing session identification and analysis particularly for the domain of people search within a professional social network."	JASIST	
"“Keep it secret, keep it safe”: Information poverty, information norms, and stigma"	Our research contributes to human information behavior scholarship on marginalized groups and to Internet studies research on how communities negotiate collective norms of information sharing online.	JASIST	
Work and personal e‐mail use by university employees: PIM practices across domain boundaries	"Our results will contribute to understanding how individual differences and job roles may influence e‐mail management, with implications for tool customization and organizational e‐mail policies. In addition, because much of the existing research from the PIM perspective has focused on e‐mail management in work contexts, our study gives valuable insights about personal e‐mail management practices. To the best of our knowledge, no other study has specifically examined work versus personal e‐mail management practices across the same group of participants."	JASIST	
Work and personal e‐mail use by university employees: PIM practices across domain boundaries	"Our results will also help in understanding ways that e‐mail may contribute to boundary permeation, with implications for researchers and workers interested in work/life balance and organizational e‐mail policies."	JASIST	
In their own image? a comparison of doctoral students' and faculty members' referencing behavior	This study contributes to our understanding of age stratification in science and provides insight on the implications of age differences for the trajectory of scholarly communication.	JASIST	
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	In methodical terms the main contribution of this study is the development of an agent‐based simulation of the scholarly publishing market that comprises typical actions of the market participants as well as the interplay between them.	JASIST	
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"Furthermore, this study contributes to theory of agent‐based modeling by developing and documenting an example of how the emergence of macrolevel outcomes can be achieved as a consequence of well‐defined and plausible sociological microprocesses."	JASIST	
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"We also contributed to the theory of complex networks by showing how power‐law network emergence based on accumulative advantage can be induced without explicitly modeling the mechanism of preferential attachment (which would be much simpler, because it requires only few lines of code)."	JASIST	
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"This study contributes to theories related to OA in different ways, for example, by substantiating the argument of a citation advantage of OA articles."	JASIST	
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"The practical contribution of this research stems from the integration of all market players. Of course, besides our stakeholders, we particularly seek to provide researchers and the public with guidance concerning publishing policies."	JASIST	
Inducing terminologies from text: A case study for the consumer health domain	(1) our input text is a corpus of definitions automatically extracted from consumer‐oriented articles using our system DEFINDER	JASIST	
Inducing terminologies from text: A case study for the consumer health domain	"(2) the grammar is learned from a small amount of training data (training corpus in Figure 2) rather than hand‐written, as in most traditional deep language understanding systems."	JASIST	
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	"First, it offers a new method of creating cyberlearning‐based scientific referential metadata for education."	JASIST	
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	"Second, this research provides a generalizable methodology using sophisticated information retrieval and meta‐search algorithms to create scientific referential or cyberlearning metadata."	JASIST	
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	"Third, we employed user evaluation to validate the usefulness of different types of cyberlearning metadata and resource aggregation ranking algorithms."	JASIST	
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	"First, we propose a learning to rank–based framework that can take into account rich features for boosting language model in information retrieval (LMIR) performance."	JASIST	
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	"Second, we explore different features that may affect ranking performance, which are extracted from different parameters and smoothing methods of LMIR, and different fields of documents."	JASIST	
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	"Finally, we conduct extensive and systematic experiments over three standard IR test collections."	JASIST	
The ripple effect: Citation chain reactions of a nobel prize	The results contribute to our understanding of the citation impact pre‐ and post‐Nobelist as well as the citation impact of references in publications by a Nobelist.	JASIST	
Evaluating the success of vocabulary reconciliation for cultural heritage collections	our paper is a helpful contribution to catalyze experimentation with integrated and topic‐oriented navigation among heterogeneous collections within the cultural heritage sector.	JASIST	
On ranking relevant entities in heterogeneous networks using a language‐based model	" novel algorithm, called BibRank, for bi‐entity ranking in a heterogeneous bibliographic network. The algorithm integrates topical and content‐based features into a ranking model by providing insight on the global connexion between embedded homogeneous subnetworks. In the case of relationships between authors and documents, we introduce an author's scientific production representativeness to document topic and the document representativeness of an author's scientific production using a language model‐based measure. In the case of relationships between entities of the same type, we propose to discredit marginal citations measured by topical common interest between them considering the query topic.
"	JASIST	
On ranking relevant entities in heterogeneous networks using a language‐based model	An intensive comparative evaluation with different state‐of‐the‐art ranking models. We empirically show that the BibRank model outperforms significantly closely related ranking models.	JASIST	
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"First, it presents robust quantitative material on the structural characteristics of a formally uniform but informally differentiated national system of HEIs from a rich and publicly available source, so far surprisingly unexploited for this purpose."	JASIST	
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"Second, it contextualizes and interprets these data and thus presents a solidly validated macrolevel case study, going beyond the somewhat simplified claim that the Swedish system is binary and reaching other, more nuanced conclusions."	JASIST	
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"Third, it highlights and discusses some opportunities and limitations of combining macrolevel quantitative figures on HEIs with historically oriented analysis of national research policy."	JASIST	
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	"We start by synthesizing existing literature from four distinct research areas—media and communications studies, sociology of art, aesthetics, and systematic musicology—in order to establish connections between the evolution of recording practices and technological advances (Part I)."	JASIST	
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	We then document the impact of the economic development of the recording industry on studio practices (Part II).	JASIST	
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	Part III offers a perspective of world‐renowned practitioners on the advancement of their profession.	JASIST	
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	We have shown that the rate of retraction is increasing based on the numbers of retraction notices and the total number of publications found in PubMed.	JASIST	
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	We have shown that many retracted articles are highly cited with hundreds of citations and are often part of active areas of research. These findings underline the urgency of identifying the extent to which they pose a threat to the credibility of the literature.	JASIST	
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	Retracting these articles alone is unlikely to completely eliminate the risk from the scientific literature because new publications may still unknowingly extend a citation trail originating from a retracted article.	JASIST	
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	"More important, verifying the validity of such citation trails is likely to become increasingly challenging as more publications become attached to the trails and as researchers take their validity for granted. New visual analytic tools provide a useful support."	JASIST	
Topic familiarity and information skills in online credibility evaluation	"The main contribution of this study is that the enabling character of domain expertise and information skills has been demonstrated, together with the influence of the corresponding information features on trust."	JASIST	
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"A probabilistic generative model is proposed to simulate user tagging behavior and interest. Both social content information and social interaction information are naturally incorporated into the model. Intrinsically, a community forms because its users communicate frequently and share similar topics. The proposed model attempts to find the best trade‐off between high connectivity and high topical similarity among users in a community."	JASIST	
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"User‐generated tags and the contents of the tagged resources are considered indicators of user interest. In social tagging systems, it is intuitive to consider user‐generated tags as indicators of interest. Moreover, the resources that users tag also are important factors influencing the generation of the corresponding tags. How to incorporate more information into the exploration of meaningful communities is worth investigating."	JASIST	
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"Topical communities are discovered based on the proposed model, which has important research implications for personalized information services such as recommendations."	JASIST	
Capitalizing on order effects in the bids of peer‐reviewed conferences to secure reviews by expert referees	"This work contributes to the integrity of peer review, which is mandatory to maintain public trust in science."	JASIST	
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	extending the extant research in evaluating e‐books by developing a nomological model incorporating a wide number of factors that constitute the current context of e‐book use.	JASIST	
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	The development and validation of an e‐book TTF construct in a model validating the efficacy of the TTF model in measuring perceived fit of e‐books to academic tasks.	JASIST	
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	"The findings confirm that the task of academics, technology characteristics, and individual characteristics significantly influence e‐books TTF, which again influences an academic's use of e‐books and overall performance. However, the findings indicate that further research is required in identifying additional dimensions of fit."	JASIST	
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	Our work is the first attempt to apply a geotemporal pseudo‐relevance feedback by extracting and modeling both geographic and temporal query contexts and exploiting those contexts for boosting the retrieval performance.	JASIST	
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	"Although most previous work focuses on inferring a unique geographic or temporal query answer either using external resources such as dbpedia (Cardoso & Silva, 2010) or directly from the query keywords (Berberich et al., 2010; Cardoso & Silva, 2010; Machado et al., 2010), our approach infers a multivarying geographic and temporal query intent."	JASIST	
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	"In terms of geographic and temporal document ranking, most previous work judges the temporal/geographic relevancy of a document based on its temporal or geographic properties (Berberich et al., 2010; Harris, 2010; Kanhabua & Nørvåg, 2010; Kishida, 2010) by ignoring the query preferences"	JASIST	
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	(a) We propose a probabilistic‐like matching model to compute geographic and temporal document scores. Our ranking model takes into account the frequency of geographic or temporal elements in the document and its relative importance in the top k documents.	JASIST	
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	(b) We integrate a geotemporal proximity score for improving the search. Our work is the first attempt to exploit proximity scoring in geotemporal search.	JASIST	
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	"A discussion of the motivation for creating a prototype literature exploration tool, its sophisticated design, and the challenges involved;"	JASIST	
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	The novel integration of visualization with text analysis of citation texts and multi‐document summarization;	JASIST	
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	Results from early evaluations that demonstrate the effectiveness of our multiple coordinated view design for exploring collections of papers; and	JASIST	
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	A set of user requirements and evaluation recommendations for future systems we realized through our evaluations.	JASIST	
Evaluating the performance of geographical locations within scientific networks using an aggregation—randomization—re‐sampling approach (ARR)	This article aims to contribute to the recent discussion in spatial scientometrics and proposes a simple and reproducible step‐by‐step introduction of a method for testing the significance of geographical network structures at flexible scales.	JASIST	
Mining a multilingual association dictionary from Wikipedia for cross‐language information retrieval	"First, we extend the HAL theory to a cross‐language scenario."	JASIST	
Mining a multilingual association dictionary from Wikipedia for cross‐language information retrieval	"Second, we propose a novel graph‐based approach to model the cross‐language word associations in the context of Wikipedia, and apply graph‐based techniques to estimate word associations."	JASIST	
Sentiment analysis of twitter audiences: Measuring the positive or negative influence of popular twitterers	"The primary contribution of this work is that this measure of influence on Twitter can be used as an indicator to identify real‐world audience sentiments, providing new insights into influence and a better understanding of popular users."	JASIST	
The structure of argument patterns on a social Q&A site	The main contribution of the present study is the empirical specification of the ways in which argument patterns are structured in Q&A discussions.	JASIST	
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	"The first contribution of this work is that it provides evidence that stands in stark opposition to Nardi and O'Day's claim, at least in terms of contemporary information tools."	JASIST	
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	A second contribution of this work is that it offers the field of information science an example of a longitudinal ethnography of information tool use outside the workplace.	JASIST	
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	"The third area of contribution, and one that points most clearly to future work, is that the project highlights challenges to information practice adaptation that the field of information science is well poised to address."	JASIST	
A conversation analytic study of actual and potential problems in communication in library chat reference interactions	"Our study contributes to this discussion of effective communication in online reference interactions by using a conversation analytic framework to understand what types of potential or actual problems in understanding occur between librarians and patrons in chat reference interactions, how these problems are displayed in the interaction, and how they are resolved."	JASIST	
"Social tagging is no substitute for controlled indexing: A comparison of Medical Subject Headings and CiteULike tags assigned to 231,388 papers"	our article contributes an initial set of methods for comparing social tags to MeSH terms and for generating high‐quality tags from a raw folksonomy	JASIST	
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	Our study contributes to citation analysis by exploring some sophisticated methods and designs.	JASIST	
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"First, our study, to the bets of our knowledge, is the first attempt to adopt a multilevel analytical approach to disentangle the impact of article‐ and journal‐level factors on citations."	JASIST	
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"Second, although it has been recognized that factors affecting citations are interrelated and their influences may be a “second‐order” effect (Peters & van Raan, 1994), very few previous studies have seriously taken this into account empirically."	JASIST	
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"Our study systematically examines interaction effects of journal‐level factors on the impacts of article‐level factors, with some interesting patterns observed"	JASIST	
Information behavior in stages of exercise behavior change	The study reported here aims to contribute to this body of research by augmenting the TTM with the concepts of information behavior in the context of physical activity in general and exercise behavior in particular.	JASIST	
Information behavior in stages of exercise behavior change	"This study contributes to the body of research conducted in the field of information science by increasing the understanding of the information behavior of young men in the context of physical activity and exercise, which to date has rarely been investigated."	JASIST	
A new approach for measuring the value of patents based on structural indicators for ego patent citation networks	The major point of our contribution is to propose a theory of structural indicators using a multilayered approach to study the technological value of a patent in its ego PCN.	JASIST	
Analysis and synthesis of metadata goals for scientific data	This study is intended to contribute to further understanding of metadata‐related goals and needs articulated by scientific communities and relies on documentary evidence in the form of publications and scheme implementation files.	JASIST	
"Web query disambiguation using PageRank
"	"We contribute to the Web information‐seeking problem by providing a simple, but novel, approach that aims at resolving the sense of search queries based on the PageRank values (Langville & Meyer, 2006) of the pages retrieved for every query sense."	JASIST	
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	"We contribute to the literature by providing a distinctive computational framework for the use of researchers from various fields who are willing to work on complex, dynamic networks and merge content analysis and field expertise with dynamic network data."	JASIST	
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	"To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first study to apply dynamic network analysis techniques on open‐source research literature to assess the nuclear weaponization capabilities of countries remotely, introducing a novel application area for the field of dynamic network analysis."	JASIST	
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	"In this article, we make a unique contribution that is geared towards bridging this gap. In particular, we provide a method of representing technical nuclear weaponization knowledge as standalone entities (nodes) in social networks. Therefore, our method demonstrates how technical nuclear experts can contribute to interdisciplinary research projects (e.g., dynamic network analysis on complex digital coauthorship networks) that do not fall primarily in their field."	JASIST	
"Scholarly network similarities: How bibliographic coupling networks, citation networks, cocitation networks, topical networks, coauthorship networks, and coword networks relate to each other"	The results of this study can provide a better understanding of scholarly networks and contribute to social and cognitive studies of institutional interactions.	JASIST	
LePrEF: Learn to precompute evidence fusion for efficient query evaluation	The conversion of the output of an evolving process to integer values is one of the contributions of our research.	JASIST	
LePrEF: Learn to precompute evidence fusion for efficient query evaluation	"First, we present a new learning method to fuse different evidence into a single impact factor in search engines."	JASIST	
LePrEF: Learn to precompute evidence fusion for efficient query evaluation	"Second, we show how to use the GP framework to produce integer unified term impacts, which results in further performance improvement and allows indices produced by our method to be efficiently compressed."	JASIST	
LePrEF: Learn to precompute evidence fusion for efficient query evaluation	"Third, we also present in this article a new GP best individual selection method, consisting basically of running the same GP process a number of times, and selecting the function that achieves the best result with the training and validation sets."	JASIST	
Sociospatial context and information behavior: Social exclusion and the influence of mobile information technology	The first is to our understanding of the influence of context on behavior.	JASIST	
Sociospatial context and information behavior: Social exclusion and the influence of mobile information technology	The second contribution is to illuminate the influence of technology on the information behavior of socially excluded groups.	JASIST	
Sociospatial context and information behavior: Social exclusion and the influence of mobile information technology	The third contribution is to provide evidence of the influence of wireless and mobile technologies in locales where information seeking occurs.	JASIST	
Sociospatial context and information behavior: Social exclusion and the influence of mobile information technology	The final contribution is the application of a particular interpretation of activity theory to understand spatial and temporal aspects of context.	JASIST	
Conveying information effectively in a virtual world: Insights from synthesized task closure and media richness	"Theoretically, grounded in the task closure theory, we proposed a research model for examining the information exchange behavior of coworkers in achieving task closure"	JASIST	
Using anchor text for homepage and topic distillation search tasks	to review and summarize existing representative methods of how anchor text can be used to improve search quality;	JASIST	
Using anchor text for homepage and topic distillation search tasks	"to evaluate these methods using a common set of testbeds and search tasks,"	JASIST	
Using anchor text for homepage and topic distillation search tasks	and to relate search performance to the characteristics of a testbed.	JASIST	
An evaluation of classification models for question topic categorization	"We study the effectiveness and efficiency of using two types of feature representation, bag‐of‐words and n‐grams, for classification."	JASIST	
An evaluation of classification models for question topic categorization	"Second, we evaluate the effectiveness and efficiency of three standard classification methods, namely, naive Bayes (NB), maximum entropy (ME), and support vector machines (SVM) in question classification."	JASIST	
An evaluation of classification models for question topic categorization	"Third, considering that Yahoo! Answers has a hierarchy of categories, as do most other CQA services, we also employ state‐of‐the‐art hierarchical classification methods, including single‐path hierarchical (SPH) method (Koller & Sahami, 1997), multi‐path hierarchical (MPH) method (Dumais & Chen, 2000), and refined hierarchical (RHC) method (Bennett & Nguyen, 2009). We combine the three methods with NB, ME, and SVM, respectively, and evaluate these combinations in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency.

"	JASIST	
An evaluation of classification models for question topic categorization	"Finally, we report detailed micro‐F scores, macro‐F scores, and runtime results of the state‐of‐the‐art classification methods on a very large dataset."	JASIST	
Email pragmatics and automatic classification: A study in the organizational context	"With the aim of contributing to solutions that would allow employees to triage their messages more effectively within different organizational contexts, this research explores an approach using pragmatics to automatically classify email according to a set of lexical and nonlexical features."	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	"The contribution of this study is the formulation of a model for designing KMS based upon the design science paradigm, which aspires to create artifacts that are interdependent of people and organizations."	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	"First, contrary to mainstream research, we have confirmed that developing one company‐wide KM solution is of limited value."	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	"ur research contributes to the EIPT by proposing KMS functionalities contingent on knowledge needs for each of the EIPT knowledge work stages, thus adding further validation and enrichment to the EIPT."	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	"Third, our research further validates the process value of IT theory (Barua et al., 1995; Barua & Mukhopadhyay, 2000; Sambamurthy, 2001; Tallon et al., 2000)"	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	This research also adds to the area of information systems development methodologies (ISDM).	JASIST	
Contextualizing organizational interventions of knowledge management systems: A design science perspective	"Finally, our study makes an important contribution to the methodology of design science guidelines as put forward by (Hevner et al., 2004; March & Smith, 1995)."	JASIST	
Exploring the relationships between media and political parties through web hyperlink analysis: The case of Spain	The purpose of this study is to carry out web hyperlink analysis of media websites to contribute to our knowledge of how link analysis can be used to study media.	JASIST	
Shaping the landscape of research in information systems from the perspective of editorial boards: A scientometric study of 77 leading journals	"We believe that the findings of this article may contribute to increasing the understanding of scholarly communication in IS and “make a difference to the way we view our world,” as encouraged in Cronin (20)."	JASIST	
Search effort degrades search output but improves task outcome	The aim of the study is to analyze how process and effort in Medline search contribute to medical students' essay writing task.	JASIST	
A model of student learning outcomes of information literacy instruction in a business school	"First, it was demonstrated that expectation disconfirmation theory may be fruitfully applied in the education domain to study IL outcomes."	JASIST	
A model of student learning outcomes of information literacy instruction in a business school	"Second, perceived quality and student satisfaction with ILI led to several critical psychological outcomes."	JASIST	
A model of student learning outcomes of information literacy instruction in a business school	"Third, psychological outcomes have a very strong positive direct effect on behavioral outcomes (β = 0.82) that in turn affect benefit outcomes (β = 0.71). With respect to behavioral outcomes, improved use of online library was the most significant component, followed by improved use of librarians, improved use of physical library, increased use of online library, and increased use of physical library."	JASIST	
A model of student learning outcomes of information literacy instruction in a business school	"Fourth, efficiency and effectiveness gains such as a reduction in effort to locate library materials, positive impact on grades and coursework, and time savings are the key ILI benefit outcomes."	JASIST	
A tale of two interfaces: How facets affect the library catalog search	"An important contribution of this work is an examination of the effect of task type on search time, search accuracy, and participant search rating."	JASIST	
Using an elaboration likelihood approach to better understand the persuasiveness of website privacy assurance cues for online consumers	Our study contributes to theory by proposing a theoretical model based on the ELM that is the first to account for the seemingly opposing findings in the literature regarding the effectiveness of PSs and PASs.	JASIST	
Using an elaboration likelihood approach to better understand the persuasiveness of website privacy assurance cues for online consumers	"First, we effectively utilized the ELM in a PA research context."	JASIST	
Using an elaboration likelihood approach to better understand the persuasiveness of website privacy assurance cues for online consumers	"Second, for the first time in Privacy literature, we included counter‐argumentation in our study."	JASIST	
Using an elaboration likelihood approach to better understand the persuasiveness of website privacy assurance cues for online consumers	"Third, we provide evidence for PA as an outcome variable. This is particularly important because a better understanding of the predictors of PA is fundamental to determining the effectiveness of privacy design features."	JASIST	
Using an elaboration likelihood approach to better understand the persuasiveness of website privacy assurance cues for online consumers	"Summarizing our research contributions, this study provides a solid basis for further explaining the seemingly contradictory findings in previous related research"	JASIST	
Novelty detection for topic tracking	"Give the details about the construction and characteristics of a large ND test collection, BilNov‐2005 (Bilkent ND test collection). It contains 59 annotated events. BilNov‐2005 (2010) is available to other researchers as the first test collection prepared for ND studies for TT in Turkish."	JASIST	
Novelty detection for topic tracking	"Propose the usage of three different ND methods on TT and similar applications: a cosine‐similarity (CS)‐based ND method, a language‐model (LM)‐based ND method, and a cover‐coefficient (CC)‐based ND method. We show that the LM‐based ND method significantly outperforms the other two methods statistically, is highly successful, and can be used in real‐life applications."	JASIST	
Novelty detection for topic tracking	Introduce a baseline for ND studies that quantifies the performance of an ND system with random decisions.	JASIST	
Novelty detection for topic tracking	"Show that when compared with a general threshold learning approach, our category‐based threshold learning approach yields promising results even with small amounts of information for the categories."	JASIST	
Novelty detection for topic tracking	"Demonstrate that our results are comparable with those in English based on sentence‐level ND experiments [using the Text Retrieval Conference (TREC) 2004 novelty track test collections] (Soboroff, 2004)."	JASIST	
Grasping the structure of journal articles: Utilizing the functions of information units	"The main contribution of this study to genre theory in LIS is that it turns attention to genre at the granular, within‐document level."	JASIST	
Grasping the structure of journal articles: Utilizing the functions of information units	"This study extends the idea of functional units, originating from “moves” and “steps,” in analyzing academic articles to the reading of digital documents."	JASIST	
Grasping the structure of journal articles: Utilizing the functions of information units	The main contribution to relevance theory in LIS is that this study organizes the genre information in a way of relevance‐theoretic comprehension procedure.	JASIST	
An integrated approach for main path analysis: Development of the Hirsch index as an example	"First, it opens up new possibilities in searching for relationships among scientific information and greatly increases our capability in exploring the development of a target science and research domain."	JASIST	
An integrated approach for main path analysis: Development of the Hirsch index as an example	"Second, it explores the development of the Hirsch index research in a way that has not been done before."	JASIST	
An integrated approach for main path analysis: Development of the Hirsch index as an example	"This study fills the gap and contributes to the main path analysis literature by proposing several variants of the original method, and suggests that simultaneously applying all these complementary approaches will greatly expand our perspective in exploring a target science and research domain."	JASIST	
"The characteristics and motivations of health answerers for sharing information, knowledge, and experiences in online environments"	"First, it explored the expertise and experiences of health answerers, which has not been previously investigated."	JASIST	
"The characteristics and motivations of health answerers for sharing information, knowledge, and experiences in online environments"	"Second, the study produced findings about motivations that can be used to develop ways to encourage people to be active in sharing health knowledge and experiences in social Q&A."	JASIST	
"The characteristics and motivations of health answerers for sharing information, knowledge, and experiences in online environments"	"Third, the findings of the study might encourage people to be selective in using advice given by answerers with various levels of health expertise and experiences."	JASIST	
User models as revealed in web‐based research services	"we have developed a modified taxonomy of expert elicitations that specifically distinguishes between tactical and conceptual concerns, and that captures new aspects of the user model that arise in the online setting."	JASIST	
Artificial immune system for illicit content identification in social media	An important contribution of this research is that the proposed approach can dynamically capture the characteristics of the positive class with diverse topics.	JASIST	
Intellectual diversity and the faculty composition of iSchools	This study's primary contribution is an empirical description of the diverse intellectual space of the iSchools	JASIST	
Use of microblogging for collective sense‐making during violent crises: A study of three campus shootings	The results of this study contribute to our understanding of information behaviors and sense‐making in the context of violent crises	JASIST	
Barriers to task‐based information access in molecular medicine	We contribute to the understanding of information behavior by examining the barriers in information access in an information‐intensive domain.	JASIST	
Influence of training and stage of search on gaze behavior in a library catalog faceted search interface	This study contributes to our understanding of how people use faceted search interfaces	JASIST	
"The dynamic features of Delicious, Flickr, and YouTube"	(a) approaching social tagging vocabulary through multiple perspectives;	JASIST	
"The dynamic features of Delicious, Flickr, and YouTube"	"(b) extending the time‐counting variable (i.e., postintervals) proposed by Cattuto, Benz, Hotho, and Stumme (2008) from tags to taggers and resources to dynamically reflect the natural settings of social tagging context;"	JASIST	
"The dynamic features of Delicious, Flickr, and YouTube"	"(c) performing various views of vocabulary growth, including macro and micro level vocabulary, number of taggers associated with subsets of resources, and an increase in the number of tags created by specific taggers; and"	JASIST	
"The dynamic features of Delicious, Flickr, and YouTube"	(d) conducting a comparative analysis for three of the typical social tagging systems over substantial data coverage.	JASIST	
"Study and correlation analysis of linguistic, perceptual, and automatic machine translation evaluations"	"The current work uses the proposed linguistic evaluation method, aiming at being objective over any translation output and at specifying the type of errors committed by the system."	JASIST	
"Study and correlation analysis of linguistic, perceptual, and automatic machine translation evaluations"	this proposal intends to be the first attempt to create translation evaluation guidelines for Catalan by identifying all types of errors.	JASIST	
"Study and correlation analysis of linguistic, perceptual, and automatic machine translation evaluations"	"Consequently, the current evaluation method can be used to extract information about the nature of the errors committed by a particular system."	JASIST	
"Study and correlation analysis of linguistic, perceptual, and automatic machine translation evaluations"	"Additionally, the human linguistic evaluation is used to find some correlations over linguistic categories and traditional evaluation methods (both automatic and perceptual), so that the linguistic evaluation can provide a further point of view in the evaluation methods."	JASIST	
Prioritization of data quality dimensions and skills requirements in genome annotation work	This study contributes towards better understanding of scientists' perceptions of and priorities for data quality and data quality assurance skills needed in genome annotation	JASIST	
Prioritization of data quality dimensions and skills requirements in genome annotation work	The constructs defined by this study advance the understanding of data quality relationships and are an important contribution to data and information quality research.	JASIST	
Prioritization of data quality dimensions and skills requirements in genome annotation work	"In addition, the resulting models can serve as valuable resources to genome data curators and administrators for developing data‐curation policies and designing DQ‐assurance strategies, processes, procedures, and infrastructure."	JASIST	
Prioritization of data quality dimensions and skills requirements in genome annotation work	The study's findings may also inform educators in developing data quality assurance curricula and training courses.	JASIST	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We present the first neural end-to-end solutions to computational AM	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We show that several of them perform better than the state-of-theart joint ILP model.	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We show that a framing of AM as a token-based dependency parsing problem is ineffective—in contrast to what has been proposed for systems that operate on the coarser component level.	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	a standard neural sequence tagging model that encodes distance information between components performs robustly in different environments	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We show that a multi-task learning setup where natural subtasks of the full AM problem are added as auxiliary tasks improves performance	ACL	
Neural Symbolic Machines: Learning Semantic Parsers on Freebase with Weak Supervision	"support language compositionality, we augment the standard seq2seq model with a key-variable memory to save and reuse intermediate execution results.This is a novel application of pointer networks to compositional semantics."	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-task Learning for Text Classification	"Proposed model divides the task-specific and shared space in a more precise way, rather than roughly sharing parameters."	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-task Learning for Text Classification	"We extend the original binary adversarial training to multi-class, which not only enables multiple tasks to be jointly trained, but allows us to utilize unlabeled data"	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-task Learning for Text Classification	"We can condense the shared knowledge among multiple tasks into an off-the-shelf neural layer, which can be easily transferred to new tasks."	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We present the first neural end-to-end solutions to computational AM.	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We show that several of them perform better than the state-of-theart joint ILP model.	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	We show that a framing of AM as a token-based dependency parsing problem is ineffective—in contrast to what has been proposed for systems that operate on the coarser component level	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	a standard neural sequence tagging model that encodes distance information between components performs robustly in different environments.	ACL	
Neural End-to-End Learning for Computational Argumentation Mining	we show that a multi-task learning setup where natural subtasks of the full AM problem are added as auxiliary tasks improves performance	ACL	
Neural Symbolic Machines: Learning Semantic Parsers on Freebase with Weak Supervision	"alleviate the search problem of finding correct programs when training from question answer pairs ,we use the computer to execute partial programs and prune the programmer’s search space by checking the syntax and semantics of generated programs.This generalizes the weakly supervised semantic parsing framework by leveraging semantic denotations during structural search."	ACL	
Neural Symbolic Machines: Learning Semantic Parsers on Freebase with Weak Supervision	"train from weak supervision and directly maximize the expected reward we turn to the REINFORCE algorithm. Since learning from scratch is difficult for REINFORCE, we combine it with an iterative max imum likelihood (ML) training process, where beam search is used to find pseudo-gold programs, which are then used to augment the objective of REINFORCE."	ACL	
Neural Relation Extraction with Multi-lingual Attention	we introduce a neural relation extraction framework with multi-lingual attention to take pattern consistency and complementarity among multiple languages into consideration.	ACL	
Neural Relation Extraction with Multi-lingual Attention	"We evaluate our framework on multi-lingual relation extraction task, and the results show that our framework can effectively model relation patterns among languages and achieve state-of-the-art results"	ACL	
Learning Structured Natural Language Representations for Semantic Parsing	we propose a neural semantic parser that alleviates the aforementioned problems.	ACL	
Morph-fitting: Fine-Tuning Word Vector Spaces with Simple Language-Specific Rules	We have presented a novel morph-fitting method which injects morphological knowledge in the form of linguistic constraints into word vector spaces.	ACL	
Joint Learning for Event Coreference Resolution	"we present a joint model of event coreference, trigger detection, and anaphoricity that is novel in terms of the choice of tasks and the features used to capture cross-task interactions."	ACL	
Joint Learning for Event Coreference Resolution	our model achieves the best results to date on the KBP 2016 English and Chinese event coreference tasks.	ACL	
Generating and Exploiting Large-scale Pseudo Training Data for Zero Pronoun Resolution	"To our knowledge, this is the first time that utilizing reading comprehension neural network model into zero pronoun resolution task."	ACL	
Generating and Exploiting Large-scale Pseudo Training Data for Zero Pronoun Resolution	"We propose a two-step training approach, namely pre-training-then-adaptation, which benefits from both the large-scale automatically generated pseudo training data and task specific data."	ACL	
Generating and Exploiting Large-scale Pseudo Training Data for Zero Pronoun Resolution	"Towards the shortcomings of the feature engineering approaches, we first propose an attention-based neural network model for zero pronoun resolution."	ACL	
Deep Neural Machine Translation with Linear Associative Unit	We propose a Linear Associative Unit (LAU) which makes a fusion of both linear and nonlinear transformation inside the recurrent unit	ACL	
Neural AMR: Sequence-to-Sequence Models for Parsing and Generation	we introduce a novel paired training procedure that enhances both the text-to-AMR parser and AMR-to-text generator.	ACL	
Neural AMR: Sequence-to-Sequence Models for Parsing and Generation	"we propose a preprocessing procedure for the AMR graphs, which includes anonymizing entities and dates, grouping entity categories, and encoding nesting information in concise ways, as illustrated in Figure 2(d)."	ACL	
Discourse Mode Identification in Essays	"We build a corpus of narrative essays written by Chinese students in native language. Sentence level discourse modes are annotated with acceptable inter-annotator agreement. Corpus analysis reveals the characteristics of discourse modes in several aspects, including discourse mode distribution, co-occurrence and transition patterns"	ACL	
Discourse Mode Identification in Essays	"• We describe a multi-label neural sequence labeling approach for discourse mode identification so that the co-occurrence and transition preferences can be captured. Experimental results show that discourse modes can be identified with an average F1-score of 0.7, indicating that automatic discourse mode identification is feasible"	ACL	
Discourse Mode Identification in Essays	We demonstrate the effectiveness of taking discourse modes into account for automatic essay scoring. A higher ratio of description and emotion expressing can indicate essay quality to a certain extent. Discourse modes can be potentially used as features for other NLP applications.	ACL	
Program Induction by Rationale Generation: Learning to Solve and Explain Algebraic Word Problems	"we have created a new dataset with more than 100,000 algebraic word problems that includes both answers and natural language answer rationales (§2)"	ACL	
Program Induction by Rationale Generation: Learning to Solve and Explain Algebraic Word Problems	"we propose a sequence to sequence model that generates a sequence of instructions that, when executed, generates the rationale; only after this is the answer chosen (§3). Since the target program is not given in the training data (most obviously, its specific form will depend on the operations that are supported by the program interpreter)"	ACL	
"Program Induction by Rationale Generation:
Learning to Solve and Explain Algebraic Word Problems"	"a technique for inferring programs that generate a rationale and, ultimately, the answer. Even constrained by a text rationale, the search space of possible programs is quite large, and we employ a heuristic search to find plausible next steps to guide the search for programs (§4). . Empirically, we are able to show that state-of-the-art sequence to sequence models are unable to perform above chance on this task, but that our model doubles the accuracy of the baseline (§6)."	ACL	
Automatically Generating Rhythmic Verse with Neural Networks	"we developed a neural language model trained on a phonetic transliteration of poetic form and content. Although example output looked promising, this model was limited by its inability to generalise to novel forms of verse"	ACL	
Automatically Generating Rhythmic Verse with Neural Networks	"We then proposed a more robust model trained on unformed poetic text, whose output form is constrained at sample time. This approach offers greater control over the style of the generated poetry than the earlier method, and facilitates themes and poetic devices."	ACL	
Gated Self-Matching Networks for Reading Comprehension and Question Answering	"we propose a gated attention-based recurrent network, which adds an additional gate to the attention-based recurrent networks to account for the fact that words in the passage are of different importance to answer a particular question for reading comprehension and question answering. In Wang and Jiang (2016a), words in a passage with their corresponding attention-weighted question context are encoded together to produce question-aware passage representation. By introducing a gating mechanism, our gated attention-based recurrent network assigns different levels of importance to passage parts depending on their relevance to the question, masking out irrelevant passage parts and emphasizing the important ones."	ACL	
Gated Self-Matching Networks for Reading Comprehension and Question Answering	"we introduce a self-matching mechanism, which can effectively aggregate evidence from the whole passage to infer the answer. Through a gated matching layer, the resulting question-aware passage representation effectively encodes question information for each passage word."	ACL	
Gated Self-Matching Networks for Reading Comprehension and Question Answering	"the proposed method yields state-of-theart results against strong baselines. Our single model achieves 71.3% exact match accuracy on the hidden SQuAD test set, while the ensemble model further boosts the result to 75.9%. At the time1 of submission of this paper, our model holds the first place on the SQuAD leader board."	ACL	
Generating Natural Answers by Incorporating Copying and Retrieving Mechanisms in Sequence-to-Sequence Learning	We propose a new and practical question answering task which devotes to generating natural answers for information inquired questions. It can be regarded as a fusion task of QA and Dialogue.	ACL	
Generating Natural Answers by Incorporating Copying and Retrieving Mechanisms in Sequence-to-Sequence Learning	"We propose a neural network based model, named as COREQA, by incorporating copying and retrieving mechanism in Seq2Seq learning. In our knowledge, it is the first end-to-end model that could answer complex questions in a natural way."	ACL	
Generating Natural Answers by Incorporating Copying and Retrieving Mechanisms in Sequence-to-Sequence Learning	"We implement experiments on both synthetic and real-world datasets. The experimental results demonstrate that the proposed model could be more effective for generating correct, coherent and natural answers for knowledge inquired questions compared with existing approaches."	ACL	
An End-to-End Model for Question Answering over Knowledge Base with Cross-Attention Combining Global Knowledge	"We present a novel cross-attention based NN model tailored to KB-QA task, which considers the mutual influence between the representation of questions and the corresponding answer aspects."	ACL	
An End-to-End Model for Question Answering over Knowledge Base with Cross-Attention Combining Global Knowledge	"We leverage the global KB information, aiming at represent the answers more precisely. It also alleviates the OOV problem, which is very helpful to the cross-attention model."	ACL	
An End-to-End Model for Question Answering over Knowledge Base with Cross-Attention Combining Global Knowledge	The experimental results on the open dataset WebQuestions demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	ACL	
A* CCG Parsing with a Supertag and Dependency Factored Model	"we provide a way to resolve these remaining ambiguities under the locally factored model, by explicitly modeling bilexical dependencies as shown in Figure"	ACL	
A Full Non-Monotonic Transition System for Unrestricted Non-Projective Parsing	"we propose a non-monotonic transition system based on the non-projective Covington parser, together with a dynamic oracle to train it with erroneous examples that will need to be repaired. Unlike the system developed in (Honnibal et al., 2013; Honnibal and Johnson, 2015), we work with full non-monotonicity."	ACL	
VERB PHYSICS: Relative Physical Knowledge of Actions and Objects	"We introduce a new task in the domain of commonsense knowledge extraction from language, focusing on the physical implications of actions and the relative physical relations among objects, organized along five dimensions."	ACL	
VERB PHYSICS: Relative Physical Knowledge of Actions and Objects	We propose a model that can infer relations over grounded object pairs together with first order relations implied by physical verbs.	ACL	
VERB PHYSICS: Relative Physical Knowledge of Actions and Objects	We develop a new dataset VERBPHYSICS that compiles crowdsourced knowledge of actions and objects.	ACL	
Aggregating and Predicting Sequence Labels from Crowd Annotations	We present a systematic investigation and evaluation of alternative methods for handling and utilizing crowd labels for sequential annotation tasks.	ACL	
Aggregating and Predicting Sequence Labels from Crowd Annotations	We consider both how to best aggregate sequential crowd labels and how to best predict sequences in unannotated text given a training set of crowd annotations	ACL	
Aggregating and Predicting Sequence Labels from Crowd Annotations	we propose novel models for working with noisy sequence labels from the crowd. Reported experiments both benchmark existing state-of-the-art approaches (sequential and non-sequential) and show that our proposed models achieve best-in-class performance	ACL	
Multi-space Variational Encoder-Decoders for Semi-supervised Labeled Sequence Transduction	"r proposes a model for labeled sequence transduction tasks, tasks where we are given an input sequence and a set of labels, from which we are expected to generate an output sequence that reflects the content of the input sequence and desiderata specified by the labels."	ACL	
Scalable Bayesian Learning of Recurrent Neural Networks for Language Modeling	"We propose a scalable Bayesian learning framework using SG-MCMC, to model weight uncertainty in recurrent neural networks"	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	"We are, to the best of our knowledge, the first to propose and evaluate encoder-decoder architectures for historical text normalization."	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	We evaluate several such architectures across 44 datasets of Early New High German.	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	"We show that such architectures benefit from bidirectional encoding, beam search, and attention."	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	We also show that MTL with pronunciation as an auxiliary task improves the performance of architectures without attention.	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	"We analyze the above architectures and show that the MTL architecture learns attention from the auxiliary task, making the attention mechanism largely redundant."	ACL	
Learning attention for historical text normalization by learning to pronounce	We make our implementation publicly available	ACL	
Topically Driven Neural Language Model	"We propose tdlm, a topically driven neural language model. tdlm has two components: a language model and a topic model, which are jointly trained using a neural network."	ACL	
Handling Cold-Start Problem in Review Spam Detection by Jointly Embedding Texts and Behaviors	"To our best knowledge, this is the first work that explores the cold-start problem in review spam detection. We qualitatively and quantitatively prove that the traditional linguistic and behavioral features are not effective enough in detecting review spam for the coldstart task"	ACL	
Handling Cold-Start Problem in Review Spam Detection by Jointly Embedding Texts and Behaviors	We propose a neural network model to jointly encode the textual and behavioral information into the review embeddings for the cold-start spam detection task. It is an unsupervised distributional representation model which can learn from large scale unlabeled review data.	ACL	
Handling Cold-Start Problem in Review Spam Detection by Jointly Embedding Texts and Behaviors	Experimental results on two domains (hotel and restaurant) give good confidence that the proposed model performs effectively in the cold-start spam detection task.	ACL	
Learning Cognitive Features from Gaze Data for Sentiment and Sarcasm Classification using Convolutional Neural Network	"we proposed a multimodal ensemble of features, automatically learned using variants of CNNs from text and readers’ eye-movement data, for the tasks of sentiment and sarcasm classification."	ACL	
Other Topics You May Also Agree or Disagree: Modeling Inter-Topic Preferences using Tweets and Matrix Factorization	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that models inter-topic preferences for unlimited targets on real-world data"	ACL	
Other Topics You May Also Agree or Disagree: Modeling Inter-Topic Preferences using Tweets and Matrix Factorization	Our experimental results show that this approach can accurately predict missing topic preferences of users accurately (80–94%).	ACL	
Other Topics You May Also Agree or Disagree: Modeling Inter-Topic Preferences using Tweets and Matrix Factorization	Our experimental results also demonstrate that the latent vector representations of topics successfully encode inter-topic preferences	ACL	
Automatically Labeled Data Generation for Large Scale Event Extraction	"To our knowledge, it is the first work to automatically label data for large scale EE via world knowledge and linguistic knowledge. All the labeled data in this paper have been released and can be downloaded freely"	ACL	
Automatically Labeled Data Generation for Large Scale Event Extraction	"We propose an approach to figure out key arguments of an event by using Freebase, and use them to automatically detect events and corresponding trigger words. Moreover, we employ FrameNet to filter noisy triggers and expand more triggers."	ACL	
Automatically Labeled Data Generation for Large Scale Event Extraction	"The experimental results show that the quality of our large scale automatically labeled data is competitive with elaborately humanannotated data. Also, our automatically labeled data can augment traditional humanannotated data, which could significantly improve the extraction performance."	ACL	
Time Expression Analysis and Recognition Using Syntactic Token Types and General Heuristic Rules	We analyze time expressions from four datasets and make four findings. The findings provide evidence in terms of time expression for the principle of least effort.	ACL	
Time Expression Analysis and Recognition Using Syntactic Token Types and General Heuristic Rules	"We propose a time tagger named SynTime to recognize time expressions using syntactic token types and general heuristic rules. SynTime is independent of specific tokens, and therefore independent of specific domains, specific text types, and specific languages."	ACL	
Time Expression Analysis and Recognition Using Syntactic Token Types and General Heuristic Rules	"We conduct experiments on three datasets, and the results demonstrate the effectiveness of SynTime against state-of-the-art baselines."	ACL	
Learning with Noise: Enhance Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction with Dynamic Transition Matrix	"design a dynamic transition matrix structure to characterize the noise introduced by DS,"	ACL	
Learning with Noise: Enhance Distantly Supervised Relation Extraction with Dynamic Transition Matrix	design a curriculum learning based framework to adaptively guide the training procedure to learn with noise.	ACL	
A Syntactic Neural Model for General-Purpose Code Generation	proposes a syntax-driven neural code generation approach that generates an abstract syntax tree by sequentially applying actions from a grammar model.	ACL	
Learning bilingual word embeddings with (almost) no bilingual data	we propose a simple self-learning framework to learn bilingual word embedding mappings in combination with any embedding mapping and dictionary induction technique.	ACL	
Abstract Meaning Representation Parsing using LSTM Recurrent Neural Networks	"We present a system which parses sentences into Abstract Meaning Representations, improving state-of-the-art results for this task by more than 5%. AMR graphs represent semantic content using linguistic properties such as semantic roles, coreference, negation, and more."	ACL	
Deep Semantic Role Labeling: What Works and What’s Next	"A new state-of-the-art deep network for endto-end SRL, supported by publicly available code and models."	ACL	
Deep Semantic Role Labeling: What Works and What’s Next	"An in-depth error analysis indicating where the model works well and where it still struggles, including discussion of structural consistency and long-distance dependencies."	ACL	
Deep Semantic Role Labeling: What Works and What’s Next	"Experiments that point toward directions for future improvements, including a detailed discussion of how and when syntactic parsers could be used to improve these results."	ACL	
Sequential Matching Network: A New Architecture for Multi-turn Response Selection in Retrieval-Based Chatbots	the proposal of a new context based matching model for multi-turn response selection in retrieval-based chatbots	ACL	
Sequential Matching Network: A New Architecture for Multi-turn Response Selection in Retrieval-Based Chatbots	the publication of a large human-labeled data set to research communities	ACL	
Sequential Matching Network: A New Architecture for Multi-turn Response Selection in Retrieval-Based Chatbots	empirical verification of the effectiveness of the model on public data sets.	ACL	
Learning word-like units from joint audio-visual analysis	"we introduce a methodology capable of not only discovering word-like units from continuous speech at the waveform level with no additional text transcriptions or conventional speech recognition apparatus. Instead, we jointly learn the semantics of those units via visual associations. Although we evaluate our algorithm on an English corpus, it could conceivably run on any language without requiring any text or associated ASR capability."	ACL	
Learning word-like units from joint audio-visual analysis	"from a computational perspective, our method of speech pattern discovery runs in linear time. Previous work has presented algorithms for performing acoustic pattern discovery in continuous speech without the use of transcriptions or another modality, but those algorithms are limited in their ability to scale by their inherent O(n 2 ) complexity, since they do an exhaustive comparison of the data against itself. Our method leverages correlated information from a second modality - the visual domain - to guide the discovery of words and phrases."	ACL	
Found in Translation: Reconstructing Phylogenetic Language Trees from Translations	"the demonstration that interference phenomena in translation are powerful to an extent that facilitates clustering source languages into families and (partially) reconstructing intra-families ties; so much so, that these results hold even after two rounds of translation."	ACL	
Found in Translation: Reconstructing Phylogenetic Language Trees from Translations	"we perform analysis of various linguistic phenomena in the source languages, laying out quantitative grounds for the language typology reconstruction results."	ACL	
Predicting Native Language from Gaze	we present a novel framework for studying cross-linguistic influence in language comprehension using eyetracking for reading and free-form native English text.	ACL	
Predicting Native Language from Gaze	"We collect and analyze English newswire reading data from 182 participants, including 145 English as Second Language (ESL) learners from four different native language backgrounds: Chinese, Japanese, Portuguese and Spanish, as well as 37 native English speakers"	ACL	
Predicting Native Language from Gaze	"We then introduce the task of Native Language Identification from Reading (NLIR), which requires predicting a subject’s native language from gaze while reading text in a second language."	ACL	
Predicting Native Language from Gaze	"we provide classification and feature analyses, suggesting that the signal underlying NLIR is likely to be related to linguistic characteristics of the respective native languages"	ACL	
MORSE: Semantic-ally Drive-n MORpheme SEgment-er	s a novel framework that performs morpheme segmentation resulting in new state-of-the-art results. To the best of our knowledge this is the first unsupervised approach to consider the vocabulary-wide semantic knowledge of words and their affixes in addition to relying on their surface forms.	ACL	
MORSE: Semantic-ally Drive-n MORpheme SEgment-er	we point out the deficiencies in the MC datasets with respect to the compositionality of morphemes and introduce our own dataset free of these deficiencies.	ACL	
Deep Keyphrase Generation	"we propose to apply an RNN-based generative model to keyphrase prediction, as well as incorporate a copying mechanism in RNN, which enables the model to successfully predict phrases that rarely occur."	ACL	
Deep Keyphrase Generation	"this is the first work that concerns the problem of absent keyphrase prediction for scientific publications, and our model recalls up to 20% of absent keyphrases."	ACL	
Deep Keyphrase Generation	"we conducted a comprehensive comparison against six important baselines on a broad range of datasets, and the results show that our proposed model significantly outperforms existing supervised and unsupervised extraction methods"	ACL	
Improved Neural Relation Detection for Knowledge Base Question Answering	An improved relation detection model by hierarchical matching between questions and relations with residual learning	ACL	
Improved Neural Relation Detection for Knowledge Base Question Answering	We demonstrate that the improved relation detector enables our simple KBQA system to achieve state-of-the-art results on both single-relation and multi-relation KBQA tasks.	ACL	
Attention-over-Attention Neural Networks for Reading Comprehension	"To our knowledge, this is the first time that the mechanism of nesting another attention over the existing attentions is proposed, i.e. attention-over-attention mechanism."	ACL	
Attention-over-Attention Neural Networks for Reading Comprehension	"Unlike the previous works on introducing complex architectures or many non-trainable hyper-parameters to the model, our model is much more simple but outperforms various state-of-the-art systems by a large margin."	ACL	
Attention-over-Attention Neural Networks for Reading Comprehension	We also propose an N-best re-ranking strategy to re-score the candidates in various aspects and further improve the performance.	ACL	
Representations of language in a model of visually grounded speech signal	We use a multi-layer gated recurrent neural network to properly model the temporal nature of speech signal and substantially improve performance compared to the convolutional architecture from Harwath and Glass (2015);	ACL	
Representations of language in a model of visually grounded speech signal	We carry out an in-depth analysis of the representations used by different components of the trained model and correlate them to representations learned by a text-based model and to human patterns of judgment on linguistic stimuli. This analysis is especially novel for a model with speech signal as input	ACL	
Spectral Analysis of Information Density in Dialogue Predicts Collaborative Task Performance	We propose a perspective on dialogue that focuses on relative information contributions of conversation partners as a key to successful communication	ACL	
Spectral Analysis of Information Density in Dialogue Predicts Collaborative Task Performance	We predict the success of collaborative task in English and Danish corpora of task-oriented dialogue.	ACL	
Affect-LM: A Neural Language Model for Customizable Affective Text Generation	"we have introduced a novel language model Affect-LM for generating affective conversational text conditioned on context words, an affective category and an affective strength parameter."	ACL	
Domain Attention with an Ensemble of Experts	we proposed a solution for scaling domains and experiences potentially to a large number of use cases by reusing existing data labeled for different domains and applications. Our solution is based on attending an ensemble of domain experts.	ACL	
Hybrid Code Networks: practical and efficient end-to-end dialog control with supervised and reinforcement learning	"presents a model for end-to-end learning, called Hybrid Code Networks (HCNs) which addresses these problems. In addition to learning an RNN, HCNs also allow a developer to express domain knowledge via software and action templates."	ACL	
Generating Contrastive Referring Expressions	we have presented an algorithm for generating contrastive feedback for a hearer who has misunderstood a referring expression.	ACL	
Sequence-to-Dependency Neural Machine Translation	we propose a novel string-todependency translation model over NMT. Our model jointly performs target word generation and arc-standard dependency parsing.	ACL	
EmoNet: Fine-Grained Emotion Detection with Gated Recurrent Neural Networks	"Grounded in psychological theory of emotions, we build a large-scale, high quality dataset of tweets labeled with emotions. Key to this are methods to ensure data quality"	ACL	
EmoNet: Fine-Grained Emotion Detection with Gated Recurrent Neural Networks	we validate the data collection method using human annotations	ACL	
EmoNet: Fine-Grained Emotion Detection with Gated Recurrent Neural Networks	"we develop powerful deep learning models using a gated recurrent network to exploit the data, yielding new state-of-the-art on 24 fine-grained types of emotions"	ACL	
EmoNet: Fine-Grained Emotion Detection with Gated Recurrent Neural Networks	we extend the task beyond these emotion types to model Plutick’s 8 primary emotion dimensions.	ACL	
Leveraging Behavioral and Social Information for Weakly Supervised Collective Classification of Political Discourse on Twitter	evaluate whether the social and behavioral information available on Twitter is sufficient for constructing a reliable classifier for this task. We approach this framing prediction task using a weakly supervised collective classification approach which leverages the dependencies between tweet frame predictions based on the interactions between their authors.	ACL	
TextFlow: A Text Similarity Measure based on Continuous Sequences	"A novel standalone similarity measure which: – exploits the full sequence of words in the compared texts. – is asymmetric in a way that allows it to provide the best performance on different tasks (e.g., paraphrase detection, textual entailment and ranking). – when required, it can be trained with a small set of parameters controlling the impact of sub-sequence matching, position gaps and unmatched words. – provides consistent high performance across tasks and datasets compared to traditional similarity measures."	ACL	
TextFlow: A Text Similarity Measure based on Continuous Sequences	A neural network architecture to train TextFlow parameters for specific tasks.	ACL	
TextFlow: A Text Similarity Measure based on Continuous Sequences	"An empirical study on both performance consistency and standard evaluation measures, performed with eight datasets from three different tasks."	ACL	
TextFlow: A Text Similarity Measure based on Continuous Sequences	"A new evaluation measure, called CORE, used to better show the consistency of a system at high performance using both its rank average and rank variance when compared to competing systems over a set of datasets."	ACL	
Evaluation Metrics for Machine Reading Comprehension: Prerequisite Skills and Readability	"We adopt two classes of evaluation metrics to show the qualitative features of RC datasets. Through analyses of RC datasets, we demonstrate that there is only a weak correlation between the difficulty of questions and the readability of context texts in RC datasets."	ACL	
Evaluation Metrics for Machine Reading Comprehension: Prerequisite Skills and Readability	"We revise a previous classification of prerequisite skills for RC. Specifically, skills of knowledge reasoning are organized by using insights of entailment phenomena in NLP and human text comprehension in psychology."	ACL	
Evaluation Metrics for Machine Reading Comprehension: Prerequisite Skills and Readability	". We annotate six existing RC datasets, compared to the two datasets considered in Sugawara and Aizawa (2016), with our organized metrics being used in the comparison. We have made the results publicly available1 and report on the characteristics of the datasets and the differences between them."	ACL	
Semantic Dependency Parsing via Book Embedding	new algorithms for maximum noncrossing dependency parsing.	ACL	
Semantic Dependency Parsing via Book Embedding	a Lagrangian Relaxation based algorithm to combine noncrossing dependency subgraphs.	ACL	
A Multidimensional Lexicon for Interpersonal Stancetaking	"We operationalize the sociolinguistic concept of stancetaking as a multidimensional framework, making it possible to measure at scale."	ACL	
A Multidimensional Lexicon for Interpersonal Stancetaking	we contribute a lexicon of stance markers based on prior work and adapted to the genre of online interpersonal discourse;	ACL	
A Multidimensional Lexicon for Interpersonal Stancetaking	we group stance markers into latent dimensions	ACL	
A Multidimensional Lexicon for Interpersonal Stancetaking	we show that these stance dimensions are internally coherent;	ACL	
A Multidimensional Lexicon for Interpersonal Stancetaking	we demonstrate that the stance dimensions predict and correlate with social phenomena	ACL	
Apples to Apples: Learning Semantics of Common Entities Through a Novel Comprehension Task	"To equip learning about common entities through comparison comprehension, we have crowdsourced a dataset of more than 14K comparison paragraphs comparing entities from nine broad categories. This resource will be expanded over time and will be released to the public"	ACL	
Apples to Apples: Learning Semantics of Common Entities Through a Novel Comprehension Task	"We introduce a novel task called GuessTwo, in which given a short paragraph comparing two entities, a system should guess what the two things are. To make systematic benchmarking on the task possible, we vet a collection of comparison paragraphs to obtain a test set on which human performs with an accuracy 94.2%."	ACL	
Apples to Apples: Learning Semantics of Common Entities Through a Novel Comprehension Task	We present a host of neural approaches and a novel semantic-driven model for tackling the GuessTwo task. Our experiments show that the semantic approach outperforms the neural models. The results strongly suggest that closing the gap between system and human performances requires richer semantic processing	ACL	
Semantic Word Clusters Using Signed Spectral Clustering	"the novel extension of signed clustering to the multiclass (K-cluster), and the application of this method to create semantic word clusters that are agnostic to vector space representations and thesauri."	ACL	
An Interpretable Knowledge Transfer Model for Knowledge Base Completion	proposing a novel knowledge embedding model which enables knowledge transfer by learning to discover shared regularities.	ACL	
An Interpretable Knowledge Transfer Model for Knowledge Base Completion	introducing a learning algorithm to directly optimize a sparse representation from which the knowledge transferring procedure is interpretable.	ACL	
An Interpretable Knowledge Transfer Model for Knowledge Base Completion	showing the effectiveness of our model by outperforming baselines on two benchmark datasets for knowledge base completion task.	ACL	
Semi-Supervised QA with Generative Domain-Adaptive Nets	"different from most of the previous neural network studies on question answering, we study a critical but challenging problem, semi-supervised question answering."	ACL	
Semi-Supervised QA with Generative Domain-Adaptive Nets	we propose the Generative Domain-Adaptive Nets that employ domain adaptation techniques on generative models with reinforcement learning algorithms.	ACL	
Semi-Supervised QA with Generative Domain-Adaptive Nets	"we introduce a simple and effective baseline method. Fourth, we empirically show that our framework leads to substantial improvements."	ACL	
Supervised Learning of Automatic Pyramid for Optimization-Based Multi-Document Summarization	"We compute an upper-bound for AP with a Genetic Algorithm (GA), and compare it to the ROUGE upper-bound."	ACL	
Supervised Learning of Automatic Pyramid for Optimization-Based Multi-Document Summarization	We develop a new extractive MDS system specifically optimizing for an approximation of AP. Our system uses a supervised learning setup to learn an approximation of AP from automatically generated training data.	ACL	
PositionRank: An Unsupervised Approach to Keyphrase Extraction from Scholarly Documents	"We propose an unsupervised graph-based model, called PositionRank, that incorporates information from all positions of a word’s occurrences into a biased PageRank to score keywords that are later used to score and rank keyphrases in research papers."	ACL	
PositionRank: An Unsupervised Approach to Keyphrase Extraction from Scholarly Documents	We show that PositionRank that aggregates information from all positions of a word’s occurrences performs better than a model that uses only the first position of a word.	ACL	
PositionRank: An Unsupervised Approach to Keyphrase Extraction from Scholarly Documents	"We experimentally evaluate PositionRank on three datasets of research papers and show statistically significant improvements over PageRank-based models that do not take into account word positions, as well as over strong baselines for keyphrase extraction."	ACL	
Detecting annotation noise in automatically labelled data	"We provide a novel approach to error detection that is able to identify errors in automatically labelled text with high precision and high recall. To the best of our knowledge, our method is the first that addresses this task in an AL framework."	ACL	
Detecting annotation noise in automatically labelled data	"We show how AL can be used to guide an unsupervised generative model, and we will make our code available to the research community"	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-Criteria Learning for Chinese Word Segmentation	"Multi-criteria learning is first introduced for CWS, in which we propose three sharedprivate models to integrate multiple segmentation criteria."	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-Criteria Learning for Chinese Word Segmentation	"An adversarial strategy is used to force the shared layer to learn criteria-invariant features, in which an new objective function is also proposed instead of the original cross-entropy loss."	ACL	
Adversarial Multi-Criteria Learning for Chinese Word Segmentation	"We conduct extensive experiments on eight CWS corpora with different segmentation criteria, which is by far the largest number of datasets used simultaneously."	ACL	
Neural Joint Model for Transition-based Chinese Syntactic Analysis	we propose the first embedding-based fully joint parsing model	ACL	
Neural Joint Model for Transition-based Chinese Syntactic Analysis	we use character string embeddings for UNK and incomplete tokens.	ACL	
Neural Joint Model for Transition-based Chinese Syntactic Analysis	we also explore bi-LSTM models to avoid the detailed feature engineering in previous approaches.	ACL	
Neural Joint Model for Transition-based Chinese Syntactic Analysis	"in experiments using Chinese corpus, we achieve state-of-the-art scores in word segmentation, POS tagging and dependency parsing."	ACL	
Robust Incremental Neural Semantic Graph Parsing	develop a fast and robust parser for full MRS-based semantic graphs. We exploit the power of global conditioning enabled by deep learning to predict linguistically deep graphs incrementally. The model does not have access to the underlying ERG or syntactic structures from which the MRS analyses were originally derived.	ACL	
Joint Extraction of Entities and Relations Based on a Novel Tagging Scheme	"A novel tagging scheme is proposed to jointly extract entities and relations, which can easily transform the extraction problem into a tagging task."	ACL	
Joint Extraction of Entities and Relations Based on a Novel Tagging Scheme	"Based on our tagging scheme, we study different kinds of end-to-end models to settle the problem. The tagging-based methods are better than most of the existing pipelined and joint learning methods."	ACL	
Joint Extraction of Entities and Relations Based on a Novel Tagging Scheme	we also develop an end-to end model with biased loss function to suit for the novel tags. It can enhance the association between related entities.	ACL	
Vancouver Welcomes You! Minimalist Location Metonymy Resolution	"We investigate how to improve classification tasks by introducing a novel minimalist method called Predicate Window (PreWin), which outperforms common feature selection baselines. Our final minimalist classifier is comparable to systems which use many external features and tools."	ACL	
Vancouver Welcomes You! Minimalist Location Metonymy Resolution	We improve the annotation guidelines in MR and contribute with a new Wikipedia-based MR dataset called ReLocaR to address the training data shortage.	ACL	
Vancouver Welcomes You! Minimalist Location Metonymy Resolution	"We make an annotated subset of the CoNLL 2003 (NER) Shared Task available for extra MR training data, alongside models, tools and other data."	ACL	
"Unifying Text, Metadata, and User Network Representations with a Neural Network for Geolocation Prediction"	"We propose a neural network model that learns unified text, metadata, and user network representations with an attention mechanism."	ACL	
"Unifying Text, Metadata, and User Network Representations with a Neural Network for Geolocation Prediction"	We show that the proposed model outperforms the previous ensemble approaches in two open datasets.	ACL	
"Unifying Text, Metadata, and User Network Representations with a Neural Network for Geolocation Prediction"	We analyze some components of the proposed model to gain insight into the unification processes of the model.	ACL	
Data-Driven Broad-Coverage Grammars for Opinionated Natural Language Generation (ONLG)	we designed three types of broad-coverage grammars appropriate for the task.	ACL	
Data-Driven Broad-Coverage Grammars for Opinionated Natural Language Generation (ONLG)	we developed a new enriched data-set for inducing the grammars.	ACL	
Data-Driven Broad-Coverage Grammars for Opinionated Natural Language Generation (ONLG)	"we empirically demonstrated the strengths of the LEX and RR grammars for generation, as well as the overall usefulness of sentiment and topic models incorporated into the syntactic derivation."	ACL	
Joint Optimization of User-desired Content in Multi-document Summaries by Learning from User Feedback	we propose a novel ILP-based model using an interactive loop to create multi-document user-desired summaries	ACL	
Joint Optimization of User-desired Content in Multi-document Summaries by Learning from User Feedback	we develop models using pool-based active learning and joint optimization techniques to collect user feedback on identifying important concepts of a topic.	ACL	
Combating Human Trafficking with Deep Multimodal Models	we study the language and vision modalities of the escort advertisements through deep neural modeling.	ACL	
Combating Human Trafficking with Deep Multimodal Models	"we take a significant step in automatic detection of advertisements suspected of sex trafficking. While previous methods (Dubrawski et al., 2015) have used simplistic classifiers, we build an end-to-end-trained multimodal deep model called the Human Trafficking Deep Network (HTDN)."	ACL	
Combating Human Trafficking with Deep Multimodal Models	"we present the first rigorously annotated dataset for detection of human trafficking, called Trafficking-10k, which includes more than 10,000 trafficking ads labeled with likelihoods of having been posted by traffickers."	ACL	
MalwareTextDB: A Database for Annotated Malware Articles	"We initiate a framework for annotating malware reports and annotate 39 Advanced Persistent Threat (APT) reports (containing 6,819 sentences) with attribute labels from the Malware Attribute Enumeration and Characterization (MAEC) vocabulary."	ACL	
MalwareTextDB: A Database for Annotated Malware Articles	"We propose the following tasks, construct models for tackling them, and discuss the challenges: • Classify if a sentence is useful for inferring malware actions and capabilities, • Predict token, relation and attribute labels for a given malware-related text, as defined by the earlier framework, and • Predict a malware’s signatures based only on text describing the malware."	ACL	
Watset: Automatic Induction of Synsets from a Graph of Synonyms	"a novel approach that resolves ambiguities in the input graph to perform fuzzy clustering. The method takes as an input synonymy relations between potentially ambiguous terms available in human-readable dictionaries and transforms them into a machine readable representation in the form of disambiguated synsets. Our method, called WATSET, is based on a new local-global meta-algorithm for fuzzy graph clustering"	ACL	
TriviaQA: A Large Scale Distantly Supervised Challenge Dataset for Reading Comprehension	"We collect over 650K question-answer evidence triples, with questions originating from trivia enthusiasts independent of the evidence documents. A high percentage of the questions are challenging, with substantial syntactic and lexical variability and often requiring multi-sentence reasoning."	ACL	
TriviaQA: A Large Scale Distantly Supervised Challenge Dataset for Reading Comprehension	We present a manual analysis quantifying the quality of the dataset and the challenges involved in solving the task.	ACL	
TriviaQA: A Large Scale Distantly Supervised Challenge Dataset for Reading Comprehension	"We present experiments with two baseline methods, demonstrating that the TriviaQA tasks are not easily solved and are worthy of future study."	ACL	
TriviaQA: A Large Scale Distantly Supervised Challenge Dataset for Reading Comprehension	"In addition to the automatically gathered large-scale (but noisy) dataset, we present a clean, human-annotated subset of 1975 question-document-answer triples whose documents are certified to contain all facts required to answer the questions."	ACL	
Linguistic analysis of differences in portrayal of movie characters	we present a scalable analysis of differences in portrayal of various character subgroups in movies using their language use	ACL	
Linguistic analysis of differences in portrayal of movie characters	we construct a new corpus with detailed annotations for our analysis	ACL	
Linguistic analysis of differences in portrayal of movie characters	"we highlight several differences in the portrayal of characters along factors such as race, age and gender."	ACL	
Linguistically Regularized LSTM for Sentiment Classification	"We discover that modeling the linguistic role of sentiment, negation, and intensity words can enhance sentence-level sentiment classification. We address the issue by imposing linguistic-inspired regularizers on sequence LSTM models."	ACL	
Linguistically Regularized LSTM for Sentiment Classification	"Unlike previous models that depend on parsing structures and expensive phrase-level annotation, our models are simple and efficient, but the performance is on a par with the stateof-the-art."	ACL	
Sarcasm SIGN: Interpreting Sarcasm with Sentiment Based Monolingual Machine Translation	"Construction of a dataset, first of its kind, that consists of 3000 tweets each augmented with five non-sarcastic interpretations generated by human experts."	ACL	
Sarcasm SIGN: Interpreting Sarcasm with Sentiment Based Monolingual Machine Translation	Discussion of the proper evaluation in our task. We proposed a battery of human measures and compared their performance to the accepted measures in related fields such as machine translation.	ACL	
Sarcasm SIGN: Interpreting Sarcasm with Sentiment Based Monolingual Machine Translation	An algorithmic approach: sentiment based monolingual machine translation. We demonstrated the strength of our approach and pointed on cases that are currently beyond its reach.	ACL	
Generic Axiomatization of Families of Noncrossing Graphs in Dependency Parsing	"Digraph Encoding, The paper introduces,for noncrossing digraphs, an encoding that uses brackets to indicate edges. Bracketed trees are widely used in generative syntax, treebanks and structured document formats."	ACL	
Generic Axiomatization of Families of Noncrossing Graphs in Dependency Parsing	Context-Free Properties Acyclicity and other important properties of noncrossing digraphs are expressible as unambiguous context-free sets of encoded noncrossing digraphs.	ACL	
Semi-supervised sequence tagging with bidirectional language models	to show that the context sensitive representation captured in the LM embeddings is useful in the supervised sequence tagging setting.	ACL	
Semi-supervised sequence tagging with bidirectional language models	to show that using both forward and backward LM embeddings boosts performance over a forward only LM. We also demonstrate that domain specific pre-training is not necessary by applying a LM trained in the news domain to scientific papers.	ACL	
Learning Symmetric Collaborative Dialogue Agents with Dynamic Knowledge Graph Embeddings	a new symmetric collaborative dialogue setting and a large dialogue corpus that pushes the boundaries of existing dialogue systems	ACL	
Learning Symmetric Collaborative Dialogue Agents with Dynamic Knowledge Graph Embeddings	"DynoNet, which integrates semantically rich utterances with structured knowledge to represent open-ended dialogue states"	ACL	
Learning Symmetric Collaborative Dialogue Agents with Dynamic Knowledge Graph Embeddings	multiple automatic metrics based on bot-bot chat and a comparison of third-party and partner evaluation	ACL	
Exploiting Argument Information to Improve Event Detection via Supervised Attention Mechanisms	"we analyze the problem of joint models on the task of ED, and propose to use the annotated argument information explicitly for this task."	ACL	
Exploiting Argument Information to Improve Event Detection via Supervised Attention Mechanisms	"to achieve this goal, we introduce a supervised attention based ED model. Furthermore, we systematically investigate different attention strategies for the proposed model"	ACL	
Exploiting Argument Information to Improve Event Detection via Supervised Attention Mechanisms	we improve the performance of ED and achieve the best performance on the widely used benchmark dataset ACE 2005.	ACL	
Jointly Extracting Relations with Class Ties via Effective Deep Ranking	We propose to leverage class ties to enhance relation extraction. An effective deep ranking model which integrates CNN and pairwise ranking framework is introduced to exploit class ties.	ACL	
Jointly Extracting Relations with Class Ties via Effective Deep Ranking	We propose an effective method to relieve the impact of data imbalance from NR for model training.	ACL	
Jointly Extracting Relations with Class Ties via Effective Deep Ranking	Our method achieves state-of-the-art performance.	ACL	
Gated-Attention Readers for Text Comprehension	"The GA module, provides a significant improvement for large datasets."	ACL	
Gated-Attention Readers for Text Comprehension	"Qualitatively, visualization of the attentions at intermediate layers of the GA reader shows that in each layer the GA reader attends to distinct salient aspects of the query which help in determining the answer."	ACL	
Determining Gains Acquired from Word Embedding Quantitatively Using Discrete Distribution Clustering	"we create a basic tool of document clustering, which is easy to use and scalable. The new method leverages the latest numerical toolbox developed for optimal transport.It achieves state-of-the art clustering performance across heterogeneous text data—an advantage over other methods in the literature."	ACL	
Determining Gains Acquired from Word Embedding Quantitatively Using Discrete Distribution Clustering	the method enables us to quantitatively inspect how well a word-embedding model can fit the data and how much gain it can produce over the bag-of-words models.	ACL	
Learning to Skim Text	to design an architecture that learns to skim text and show that it is both faster and more accurate in practical applications of text processing. Our model is simple and flexible enough that we anticipate it would be able to incorporate to recurrent nets with more sophisticated structures to achieve even better performance in the future.	ACL	
An Algebra for Feature Extraction	the recognition that feature extractors form a commutative semiring over addition and conjunction	ACL	
An Algebra for Feature Extraction	We demonstrate a practical consequence of this characterization in the form of a mechanism for automatically refactoring any feature extractor into a faster one.	ACL	
An Algebra for Feature Extraction	we show the empirical usefulness of our approach on relation extraction and text chunking tasks.	ACL	
Chunk-based Decoder for Neural Machine Translation	chunk information is introduced into NMT to improve translation performance	ACL	
Chunk-based Decoder for Neural Machine Translation	a novel hierarchical decoder is devised to model the properties of chunk structure in the encoder-decoder framework.	ACL	
Doubly-Attentive Decoder for Multi-modal Neural Machine Translation	We propose a novel attention-based MNMT model which incorporates spatial visual features in a separate visual attention mechanism	ACL	
Doubly-Attentive Decoder for Multi-modal Neural Machine Translation	"We use a medium-sized, back-translated multi-modal in-domain data set and large general-domain text-only MT corpora to pretrain our models and show that our MNMT model can efficiently exploit both"	ACL	
Doubly-Attentive Decoder for Multi-modal Neural Machine Translation	"We show that images bring useful information into an NMT model, e.g. in situations in which sentences describe objects illustrated in the image."	ACL	
Improved Word Representation Learning with Sememes	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to utilize sememes in HowNet to improve word representation learning"	ACL	
Improved Word Representation Learning with Sememes	We successfully apply the attention scheme to detect word senses and learn representations according to contexts with the favor of the sememe annotation in HowNet	ACL	
Detecting Good Arguments in a Non-Topic-Specific Way: An Oxymoron?	We presented experiments on classifying essay sentences as containing good argument critiques or not.	ACL	
Improved Word Representation Learning with Sememes	We conduct extensive experiments and verify the effectiveness of incorporating word sememes for improved WRL.	ACL	
A Principled Framework for Evaluating Summarizers: Comparing Models of Summary Quality against Human Judgments	We present a novel and principled evaluation framework for ES which allows evaluating the objective function and the optimization technique separately and independently.	ACL	
A Principled Framework for Evaluating Summarizers: Comparing Models of Summary Quality against Human Judgments	We compare wellknown summarization systems regarding their implicit choices of θ by measuring the correlation of their θ functions with human judgments on two datasets from the Text Analysis Conference (TAC).	ACL	
Neural Architectures for Multilingual Semantic Parsing	"We investigate semantic parsing in two multilingual scenarios that are relatively unexplored in past research,"	ACL	
Neural Architectures for Multilingual Semantic Parsing	"We present novel extensions to the sequenceto-tree architecture that integrates multilingual information for semantic parsing,"	ACL	
Incorporating Uncertainty into Deep Learning for Spoken Language Assessment	A novel method for explicitly training DDNs to yield uncertainty estimates is proposed. A DDN is a density estimator which is trained to model two distributions in a multi-task fashion (1) the low variance (uncertainty) true data distribution and (2) a generated high variance artificial data distribution.	ACL	
Neural Architectures for Multilingual Semantic Parsing	We release a new ATIS semantic dataset annotated in two new languages.	ACL	
Learning to Parse and Translate Improves Neural Machine Translation	"We propose a hybrid model, to which we refer as NMT+RNNG, that combines the decoder of an attention-based neural translation model with the RNNG. T"	ACL	
On the Distribution of Lexical Features at Multiple Levels of Analysis	understanding the empirical distributions of lexical features in Twitter	ACL	
On the Distribution of Lexical Features at Multiple Levels of Analysis	"we use zeroinflated kernel density estimated plots to show how distributions of different language features (words, LDA topics, and hand-curated word sets) vary with level of analysis (message, user, and county)."	ACL	
On the Distribution of Lexical Features at Multiple Levels of Analysis	we quantify which distributions best describe the different feature types and analysis levels of social media.	ACL	
On the Distribution of Lexical Features at Multiple Levels of Analysis	"we show the utility of such information, finding that using the appropriate model for each feature type improves Naive Bayes classification results across three common social scientific tasks: sarcasm detection at the message-level, gender identification at the user-level, and political ideology classification at the community-level."	ACL	
On the Challenges of Translating NLP Research into Commercial Products	I highlight common obstacles in the path of transferring research into commercial products.	ACL	
On the Challenges of Translating NLP Research into Commercial Products	"I offer suggestions for increasing the chances of success based on my experience at SAP, the world’s largest enterprise software company."	ACL	
Exploring Neural Text Simplification Models	We presented a first attempt at modelling sentence simplification with a neural sequence to sequence model	ACL	
Hybrid Neural Network Alignment and Lexicon Model in Direct HMM for Statistical Machine Translation	"a novel concept focusing on direct HMM for Pr(e I 1 |f J 1 ), in which the alignment direction is from target to source positions."	ACL	
Sentence Alignment Methods for Improving Text Simplification Systems	"provide several methods for paragraph- and sentence alignment of parallel texts, and for assessing similarity level between pairs of text snippets, as freely available software"	ACL	
Sentence Alignment Methods for Improving Text Simplification Systems	compare the performances of lexically- and semantically-based alignment methods across various text complexity levels	ACL	
Sentence Alignment Methods for Improving Text Simplification Systems	test the hypothesis that the original order of information is preserved during manual simplification by offering customized MST-LIS alignment strategy	ACL	
Sentence Alignment Methods for Improving Text Simplification Systems	show that the new sentence-alignments lead to the state-of-the-art ATS systems even in a basic phrase-based statistical machine translation (PBSMT) approach to text simplifications.	ACL	
Arc-swift: A Novel Transition System for Dependency Parsing	"we introduce a novel transition system for dependency parsing, which alleviates the difficulty of distant attachments in previous systems by allowing direct attachments anywhere in the stack."	ACL	
Arc-swift: A Novel Transition System for Dependency Parsing	we compare parsers by the number of mistakes they make in common linguistic constructions. We show that arc-swift parsers reduce errors in attaching prepositional phrases and conjunctions compared to parsers using existing transition systems.	ACL	
Understanding Task Design Trade-offs in Crowdsourced Paraphrase Collection	"we perform the first systematic study of factors influencing the process. We find that the most substantial variations are caused by priming effects: using simpler examples leads to lower diversity, but more frequent semantic equivalence"	ACL	
Exploiting Domain Knowledge via Grouped Weight Sharing with Application to Text Categorization	"novel, simple and flexible method for injecting domain knowledge into neural models via stochastic weight sharing. Results on seven diverse classification tasks (three sentiment and four biomedical) show that our method consistently improves performance over baselines that fail to capitalize on domain knowledge, and an approach that uses retrofitting (Faruqui et al., 2014) as a preprocessing step to encode domain knowledge prior to training."	ACL	
A Generative Parser with a Discriminative Recognition Algorithm	we propose a parsing and language modeling framework that marries a generative model with a discriminative recognition algorithm in order to have the best of both worlds. The idea of combining these two types of models is not new.	ACL	
Lifelong Learning CRF for Supervised Aspect Extraction	proposed a lifelong learning method to enable CRF to leverage the knowledge gained from extraction results of previous domains (unlabeled) to improve its extraction.	ACL	
Exploiting Domain Knowledge via Grouped Weight Sharing with Application to Text Categorization	a novel method for incorporating prior semantic knowledge into neural models via stochastic weight sharing.	ACL	
Information-Theory Interpretation of the Skip-Gram Negative-Sampling Objective Function	"we developed a new correlation measure between random variables, denoted JSMI. This measure is based on the JS divergence and differs from the standard mutual information measure that is based on the KL divergence."	ACL	
Implicitly-Defined Neural Networks for Sequence Labeling	"a novel, implicitly defined neural network architecture based on the GRU and shown that it outperforms a b-LSTM on an artificial random walk task and slightly outperforms both the Stanford Parser and a baseline bidirectional network on the Penn Treebank Part-ofSpeech tagging task"	ACL	
A Two-Stage Parsing Method for Text-Level Discourse Analysis	we design a novel two-stage method for text-level discourse analysis. The first stage adopts the transition-based algorithm to construct naked trees with consideration of span and nuclearity. The second stage categorizes relations into three levels and uses three classifiers for relation labeling.	ACL	
Error-repair Dependency Parsing for Ungrammatical Texts	We propose a novel dependency parsing scheme that jointly parses and repairs ungrammatical sentences with these sorts of errors.	ACL	
Attention Strategies for Multi-Source Sequence-to-Sequence Learning	We introduced two new strategies of combining attention in a multi-source sequence-to-sequence setup. Both methods are based on computing a joint distribution over hidden states of all encoders.	ACL	
Attention Strategies for Multi-Source Sequence-to-Sequence Learning	"We conducted experiments with the proposed strategies on multimodal translation and automatic post-editing tasks, and we showed that the flat and hierarchical attention combination can be applied to these tasks with maintaining competitive score to previously used techniques."	ACL	
Understanding and Detecting Supporting Arguments of Diverse Types	we present a novel study on the task of sentence-level supporting argument detection from relevant documents for a user-specified claim.	ACL	
A Neural Model for User Geolocation and Lexical Dialectology	we achieve state-of-the-art results on benchmark Twitter geolocation datasets	ACL	
A Neural Model for User Geolocation and Lexical Dialectology	we show that the model is less sensitive to the specific location discretisation method	ACL	
A Neural Model for User Geolocation and Lexical Dialectology	we release the first broad-coverage dataset for evaluation of lexical dialectology models	ACL	
A Neural Model for User Geolocation and Lexical Dialectology	"we incorporate our text-based model into a network-based model (Rahimi et al., 2015a) and improve the performance utilising both network and text"	ACL	
A Neural Model for User Geolocation and Lexical Dialectology	we use the model’s embeddings for extraction of local terms and show that it outperforms two baselines.	ACL	
A Corpus of Natural Language for Visual Reasoning	"we introduce the Cornell Natural Language Visual Reasoning (NLVR) corpus and task. We define the binary prediction task of judging if a statement is true for an image or not, and introduce a corpus of annotated pairs of natural language statements and synthetic images."	ACL	
How to Make Context More Useful? An Empirical Study on Context-Aware Neural Conversational Models	We conduct a systematic study on context modeling in neural conversational models.	ACL	
How to Make Context More Useful? An Empirical Study on Context-Aware Neural Conversational Models	"We further propose an explicitly context weighting approach, outperforming the other baselines."	ACL	
Cross-lingual and cross-domain discourse segmentation of entire documents	propose a general statistical discourse segmenter that does not assume gold sentences and tokens	ACL	
Cross-lingual and cross-domain discourse segmentation of entire documents	evaluate it across 5 languages and 3 domains	ACL	
A Recurrent Neural Model with Attention for the Recognition of Chinese Implicit Discourse Relations	"we release the first attention-based recurrent neural sense classifier, specifically developed for Chinese implicit discourse relations. Inspired by Zhou et al. (2016), our system is a practical adaptation of the recent advances in relation modeling extended by a novel sampling scheme."	ACL	
A Recurrent Neural Model with Attention for the Recognition of Chinese Implicit Discourse Relations	"Contrary to previous assertions by Rutherford et al. (2016), our model demonstrates superior performance over traditional bag-of-words approaches with feed foward networks by treating discourse arguments as a joint sequence."	ACL	
A Recurrent Neural Model with Attention for the Recognition of Chinese Implicit Discourse Relations	"We illustrate how our model’s attention mechanism provides means to highlight those parts of an input sequence that are relevant for the classification decision, and thus, it may enable a better understanding of the implicit discourse parsing problem."	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning of Keyphrase Boundary Classification	"We study the so far widely underexplored, though in practice important task of scientific keyphrase boundary classification, for which only a small amount of training data is available."	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning of Keyphrase Boundary Classification	We overcome this by identifying good auxiliary tasks and cast it as a multi-task learning problem.	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning of Keyphrase Boundary Classification	"We evaluate our models across two new, manually annotated corpora of scientific articles and outperform single-task approaches by up to 9.64% F1, mostly due to better performance for long keyphrases."	ACL	
Cardinal Virtues: Extracting Relation Cardinalities from Text	we provide a statistical analysis of numeric information in Wikipedia articles	ACL	
Cardinal Virtues: Extracting Relation Cardinalities from Text	we develop a CRF-based extraction method for relation cardinalities that achieves precision scores of up to 55%	ACL	
Cardinal Virtues: Extracting Relation Cardinalities from Text	we analyze further challenges in this research and outline possible solutions.	ACL	
Integrating Deep Linguistic Features in Factuality Prediction over Unified Datasets	"we suggest that the task can benefit from a unified representation. We exemplify this by mapping the representation of two recent datasets (FactBank (Saur´ı and Pustejovsky, 2009) and MEANTIME (Minard et al., 2016)) onto the [−3, +3] scale, as annotated by (Lee et al., 2015)."	ACL	
Integrating Deep Linguistic Features in Factuality Prediction over Unified Datasets	"we design a new model for factuality prediction that extends TruthTeller (Lotan et al., 2013), which employed implicative signatures (MacCartney and Manning, 2009; Karttunen, 2012) over dependency trees using a large predicate lexicon."	ACL	
Question Answering on Knowledge Bases and Text using Universal Schema and Memory Networks	We show that universal schema representation is a better knowledge source for QA than either KB or text alone.	ACL	
Question Answering on Knowledge Bases and Text using Universal Schema and Memory Networks	"On the SPADES dataset (Bisk et al., 2016), containing real world fill-in-the-blank questions, we outperform state-of-the-art semantic parsing baseline, with 8.5 F1 points."	ACL	
Question Answering on Knowledge Bases and Text using Universal Schema and Memory Networks	"Our analysis shows how individual data sources help fill the weakness of the other, thereby improving overall performance."	ACL	
Neural System Combination for Machine Translation	"We propose a neural system combination method, which is adapted from multi-source NMT model and can accommodate both source inputs and different system translations. It combines the fluency of NMT and adequacy (especially the ability to address rare words) of SMT."	ACL	
Neural System Combination for Machine Translation	We design a good strategy to construct appropriate training data for neural system combination.	ACL	
Neural System Combination for Machine Translation	The extensive experiments on ChineseEnglish translation show that our model archives significant improvement by 3.4 BLEU points over the state-of-the-art system combination methods and 5.3 BLEU points over the best individual system output.	ACL	
An Empirical Comparison of Domain Adaptation Methods for Neural Machine Translation	We propose a novel method that combines the best of existing approaches and show that it is effective.	ACL	
An Empirical Comparison of Domain Adaptation Methods for Neural Machine Translation	To the best of our knowledge this is the first work on an empirical comparison of various domain adaptation methods.	ACL	
STAIR Captions: Constructing a Large-Scale Japanese Image Caption Dataset	"We constructed a large-scale Japanese image caption dataset, STAIR Captions, which consists of Japanese captions for all the images in MS-COCO (Lin et al., 2014) (Section 3)."	ACL	
STAIR Captions: Constructing a Large-Scale Japanese Image Caption Dataset	We confirmed that quantitatively and qualitatively better Japanese captions than the ones translated from English captions can be generated by applying a neural network-based image caption generation model learned on STAIR Captions (Section 5).	ACL	
Learning Topic-Sensitive Word Representations	"We propose three unsupervised, language-independent approaches to approximate senses with topics and learn multiple topic-sensitive embeddings per word."	ACL	
Learning Topic-Sensitive Word Representations	We show that in the Lexical Substitution ranking task our models outperform two competitive baselines.	ACL	
AliMe Chat: A Sequence to Sequence and Rerank based Chatbot Engine	We propose a novel hybrid approach that uses an attentive Seq2Seq model to optimize the joint results of IR and generation models.	ACL	
AliMe Chat: A Sequence to Sequence and Rerank based Chatbot Engine	We conducted a set of experiments to assess the approach. Results show that our approach outperforms both IR and generation.	ACL	
AliMe Chat: A Sequence to Sequence and Rerank based Chatbot Engine	We compared our chatbot engine with a public chatbot. Evidence suggests that our engine has a better performance.	ACL	
AliMe Chat: A Sequence to Sequence and Rerank based Chatbot Engine	We launched AliMe Chat for a real-world industrial application.	ACL	
Self-Crowdsourcing Training for Relation Extraction	we introduce a self-training strategy for crowdsourcing;	ACL	
Self-Crowdsourcing Training for Relation Extraction	we propose an iterative human-machine cotraining framework for the task of RE	ACL	
Self-Crowdsourcing Training for Relation Extraction	"we test our approach on a standard benchmark, obtaining a slightly lower performance compared to the state-of-the-art methods based on Gold Standard data."	ACL	
Speeding Up Neural Machine Translation Decoding by Shrinking Run-time Vocabulary	"To our best of our knowledge, this work is the first attempt to apply LSH technique on sequence generation tasks on GPU other than single-step classification on CPU."	ACL	
Speeding Up Neural Machine Translation Decoding by Shrinking Run-time Vocabulary	"we Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) is a powerful technique for the nearest neighbor problem. We employ the winner-take-all (WTA) hashing (Yagnik et al., 2011)"	ACL	
Representing Sentences as Low-Rank Subspaces	to represent sentences using non-vector space representations: a sentence can be well represented by the subspace spanned by the context word vectors – such a method naturally builds on any word representation method.	ACL	
Determining Whether and When People Participate in the Events They Tweet About	"annotations using 1,096 events from 826 tweets"	ACL	
Determining Whether and When People Participate in the Events They Tweet About	analysis showing that authors of tweets are often not participants in the events they tweet about before or after tweeting	ACL	
Determining Whether and When People Participate in the Events They Tweet About	experimental results showing that the task can be automated.	ACL	
Separating Facts from Fiction: Linguistic Models to Classify Suspicious and Trusted News Posts on Twitter	"investigate several features and neural network architectures for automatically classifying verified and suspicious news posts, and four sub-types of suspicious news. We find that incorporating linguistic and network features via a “late fusion” technique boosts performance. We then investigate differences between verified and suspicious news tweets by conducting a statistical analysis of linguistic features in both types of account."	ACL	
Separating Facts from Fiction: Linguistic Models to Classify Suspicious and Trusted News Posts on Twitter	"We show significant differences in use of biased, subjective language and moral foundations behind suspicious and trustworthy news posts."	ACL	
Character-Aware Neural Morphological Disambiguation	a general MD framework for MCL that can be analyzed in triplets;	ACL	
Character-Aware Neural Morphological Disambiguation	improvement on language-dependent state of the art for Turkish and Kazakh.	ACL	
How (not) to train a dependency parser: The curious case of jackknifing part-of-speech taggers	We evaluate jackknifing to establish whether its use is warranted in dependency parsing.	ACL	
How (not) to train a dependency parser: The curious case of jackknifing part-of-speech taggers	"Controlling for tagging quality in training and testing, we experiment with monolingual and delexicalized cross-lingual parsers over 26 languages"	ACL	
Data Recombination for Neural Semantic Parsing	"a novel data recombination framework that injects important prior knowledge into our oblivious sequence-tosequence RNN. In this framework, we induce a high-precision generative model from the training data, then sample from it to generate new training examples"	ACL	
Language to Logical Form with Neural Attention	we presented an encoder-decoder neural network model for mapping natural language descriptions to their meaning representations.	ACL	
Language to Logical Form with Neural Attention	We encode natural language utterances into vectors and generate their corresponding logical forms as sequences or trees using recurrent neural networks with long short-term memory units.	ACL	
A Multi-media Approach to Cross-lingual Entity Knowledge Transfer	"we propose to use images as a hub to automatically discover comparable corpora. Then we will apply Entity Discovery and Linking (EDL) techniques in HLs to extract entity knowledge, and project results back to LLs by leveraging multi-source multi-media techniques."	ACL	
Models and Inference for Prefix-Constrained Machine Translation	"new tunable metrics, an improved beam search strategy, an n-best extraction method that increases suggestion diversity"	ACL	
Models and Inference for Prefix-Constrained Machine Translation	a tuning procedure for a hierarchical joint model of alignment and translation	ACL	
Improving Neural Machine Translation Models with Monolingual Data	we show that we can improve the machine translation quality of NMT systems by mixing monolingual target sentences into the training set.	ACL	
Improving Neural Machine Translation Models with Monolingual Data	"we investigate two different methods to fill the source side of monolingual training instances: using a dummy source sentence, and using a source sentence obtained via backtranslation, which we call synthetic. We find that the latter is more effective."	ACL	
Improving Neural Machine Translation Models with Monolingual Data	we successfully adapt NMT models to a new domain by fine-tuning with either monolingual or parallel in-domain data.	ACL	
Graph-Based Translation Via Graph Segmentation	We propose to use a graph structure to combine a sequence and a tree (Section 3.1). The graph contains both local relations between words from the sequence and long-distance relations from the tree.	ACL	
Graph-Based Translation Via Graph Segmentation	We present a translation model to translate a graph (Section 3). The model segments the graph into subgraphs and uses beam search to generate a complete translation from left to right by combining translation options of each subgraph.	ACL	
Graph-Based Translation Via Graph Segmentation	"We present a set of sparse features to explicitly model the graph segmentation (Section 4). These features are based on edges in the input graph, each of which is either inside a subgraph or connects the subgraph with a previous subgraph."	ACL	
Graph-Based Translation Via Graph Segmentation	"Experiments (Section 5) on Chinese–English and German–English tasks show that our model is significantly better than the PB model. After incorporating the segmentation model, our system achieves still further improvement."	ACL	
Incremental Acquisition of Verb Hypothesis Space towards Physical World Interaction	"we propose a hierarchical hypothesis space, where each node in the space describes a possible effect on the world from the verb."	ACL	
Language Transfer Learning for Supervised Lexical Substitution	"a model lexical substitution as a language-independent task by considering not just a single-language dataset, but by merging data from distinct tasks in English, German and Italian. W"	ACL	
Learning the Curriculum with Bayesian Optimization for Task-Specific Word Representation Learning	"this is the first framework that formulates curriculum learning as an optimization problem, rather then shuffling data or relying on human intuitions. We experiment with optimizing the curriculum of word embeddings, but in principle the curriculum of other models can be optimized in a similar way."	ACL	
Learning the Curriculum with Bayesian Optimization for Task-Specific Word Representation Learning	"to the best of our knowledge, this study is the first to analyze the impact of distributional and linguistic properties of training texts on the quality of task-specific word embeddings."	ACL	
Pointing the Unknown Words	we propose a simple extension to the traditional soft attention-based shortlist softmax by using pointers over the input sequence. We show that the whole model can be trained jointly with single objective function	ACL	
Generalized Transition-based Dependency Parsing via Control Parameters	We presented a generalized transition system that is capable of representing and executing a wide range of transition systems within one single implementation.	ACL	
A Transition-Based System for Joint Lexical and Syntactic Analysis	proposes a transition-based system that extends a classical arc-standard parser to handle both lexical and syntactic analysis. It is based on a new representation having two linguistic layers sharing lexical nodes.	ACL	
Adaptive Joint Learning of Compositional and Non-Compositional Phrase Embeddings	we propose a method that jointly learns compositional and non-compositional embeddings by adaptively weighting both types of phrase embeddings using a compositionality scoring function.	ACL	
Neural Greedy Constituent Parsing with Dynamic Oracles	"design of a dynamic oracle for transitionbased constituent parsing. In NLP, dynamic oracles were first proposed to improve greedy dependency parsing training without involving additional computational costs at test time."	ACL	
"Metaphor Detection with Topic Transition, Emotion and Cognition in Context"	We extend the previous approaches for contextually detecting metaphor by exploring topic transitions between a metaphor and its context rather than only detecting lexical discrepancies	ACL	
"Metaphor Detection with Topic Transition, Emotion and Cognition in Context"	we propose to capture emotional and cognitive content to better uncover speakers’ motivation for using metaphors.	ACL	
"Metaphor Detection with Topic Transition, Emotion and Cognition in Context"	"through our empirical evaluation, we find that metaphor occurs more frequently around personal topics."	ACL	
Compressing Neural Language Models by Sparse Word Representations	We propose an approach to represent uncommon words’ embeddings by a sparse linear combination of common ones’.	ACL	
Compressing Neural Language Models by Sparse Word Representations	We propose a compressed neural language model based on the pre-computed sparse codes. The memory increases very slowly with the vocabulary size (4– 8 values for each word).	ACL	
Compressing Neural Language Models by Sparse Word Representations	"We further introduce a ZRegression mechanism to stabilize the NCE algorithm, which is potentially applicable to other LMs in general."	ACL	
On the Role of Seed Lexicons in Learning Bilingual Word Embeddings	We present a systematic study on the importance of seed lexicons for learning mapping functions between monolingual WE spaces.	ACL	
On the Role of Seed Lexicons in Learning Bilingual Word Embeddings	"Given the insights gained, we propose a simple yet effective hybrid BWE model HYBWE that removes the need for readily available seed lexicons, and satisfies properties P1 and P2. HYBWE relies on an inexpensive seed lexicon of highly reliable word translation pairs obtained by a documentlevel BWE model (Vulic and Moens, 2016) from ´ document-aligned comparable data."	ACL	
On the Role of Seed Lexicons in Learning Bilingual Word Embeddings	"Using a careful pair selection process when constructing a seed lexicon, we show that in the BLL task HYBWE outperforms a BWE model of Mikolov et al. (2013a) which relies on readily available seed lexicons. HYBWE also outperforms state-of-the-art models of (Hermann and Blunsom, 2014b; Gouws et al., 2015) which require sentencealigned parallel data."	ACL	
Liberal Event Extraction and Event Schema Induction	"we propose Liberal Event Extraction, a new paradigm to take humans out of the loop and enable systems to extract events in a more liberal fashion."	ACL	
Jointly Event Extraction and Visualization on Twitter via Probabilistic Modelling	"we propose a novel probabilistic model, called Latent Event Extraction & Visualization (LEEV) model, for joint event extraction and visualization on Twitter. It is partly inspired by the Latent Event Model (LEM) (Zhou et al., 2015) where each tweet is assigned to one event instance and each event is modeled as a joint distribution over named entities, a date/time, a location and the event-related keywords."	ACL	
Two Discourse Driven Language Models for Semantics	"The design of two novel discourse driven Semantic Language models, building on text abstraction and neural embeddings"	ACL	
Two Discourse Driven Language Models for Semantics	The implementation of high quality SemLMs that are shown to improve state-of-theart NLP systems.	ACL	
Sentiment Domain Adaptation with Multiple Sources	r we propose a new domain adaptation approach for cross-domain sentiment classification.	ACL	
Bi-Transferring Deep Neural Networks for Domain Adaptation	we propose a novel Bi-Transferring Deep Neural Networks (BTDNNs) for crossdomain sentiment classification.	ACL	
Connotation Frames: A Data-Driven Investigation	"a new formalism, model, and annotated dataset for studying connotation frames from large-scale natural language data and statistics"	ACL	
Connotation Frames: A Data-Driven Investigation	new datadriven insights into the dynamics among different typed relations within each frame	ACL	
Connotation Frames: A Data-Driven Investigation	an analytic study showing the potential use of connotation frames for analyzing subtle biases in journalism.	ACL	
"Document-level Sentiment Inference with Social, Faction, and Discourse Context"	"We presented an approach to interpreting sentiment among entities in news articles, with global constraints provided by social, faction and discourse context."	ACL	
Active Learning for Dependency Parsing with Partial Annotation	"First, we are the first to apply a probabilistic model to active learning for dependency parsing, which can 1) provide tree probabilities and dependency marginal probabilities as principled uncertainty metrics, and 2) directly learn parameters from PA based on a forest-based training objective"	ACL	
Active Learning for Dependency Parsing with Partial Annotation	we propose and compare several uncertainty metrics through simulation experiments on both Chinese and English.	ACL	
Active Learning for Dependency Parsing with Partial Annotation	we conduct human annotation experiments to compare FA and PA on real annotation time and quality.	ACL	
Dependency Parsing with Bounded Block Degree and Well-nestedness via Lagrangian Relaxation and Branch-and-Bound	We presented a novel characterization of dependency trees complying with two structural rules: bounded block degree and well-nestedness from which we derived two methods for arc-factored dependency parsing	ACL	
Query Expansion with Locally-Trained Word Embeddings	We have demonstrated a simple and effective method for performing query expansion with word embeddings.	ACL	
Together We Stand: Siamese Networks for Similar Question Retrieval	We propose a novel model SCQA based on Siamese Convolutional Neural Network which use shared parameters to learn the similarity metric between question-answer pairs in a cQA dataset.	ACL	
Together We Stand: Siamese Networks for Similar Question Retrieval	"In SCQA, we overcome the non-availability of training data in the form of questionquestion pairs by leveraging existing question-answer pairs from the cQA archives which also helps in improving the effectiveness of the model."	ACL	
Together We Stand: Siamese Networks for Similar Question Retrieval	We reduce the computational complexity by directly using character-level representations of question-answer pairs in stead of using sentence modeling based representations which also helps in handling spelling errors and out-of-vocabulary (OOV) words in documents.	ACL	
News Citation Recommendation with Implicit and Explicit Semantics	We propose the task of news citation recommendation and construct a real-world dataset for this task.	ACL	
News Citation Recommendation with Implicit and Explicit Semantics	We utilize both word embedding based similarity measures and knowledge-based methods to tackle the problem. We formulate the problem as a re-ranking task and leverage learning to rank algorithm to integrate different similarity measures.	ACL	
News Citation Recommendation with Implicit and Explicit Semantics	We conduct extensive experiments on a large dataset. The results show the effectiveness of word embedding and grounded entities. We further quantitatively analyze how the implicit semantics from word embedding and explicit semantics from grounded knowledge benefit the task of interest.	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	"Using data scraped from Wiktionary, we clean and normalize pronunciation dictionaries for 531 languages. To our knowledge, this is the most comprehensive multilingual pronunciation dictionary available"	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	We synthesize several named entities corpora to create a multilingual corpus covering 384 languages.	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	We develop a language-independent distance metric between IPA phonemes.	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	We extend previous metrics for languagelanguage distance with additional information and metrics.	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	"We create two sets of g2p models for “high resource” languages: 97 simple rule-based models extracted from Wikipedia’s “IPA Help” pages, and 85 data-driven models built from Wiktionary data"	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	"We develop methods for adapting these g2p models to related languages, and describe results for 229 adapted models."	ACL	
Grapheme-to-Phoneme Models for (Almost) Any Language	We release all data and models.	ACL	
Combining Natural Logic and Shallow Reasoning for Question Answering	"we extend the classes of inferences NaturalLI can perform on real-world sentences by incorporating relational entailment and meronymy, and by operating over dependency trees;"	ACL	
Combining Natural Logic and Shallow Reasoning for Question Answering	we augment NaturalLI with an evaluation function to provide an estimate of entailment for any query	ACL	
Combining Natural Logic and Shallow Reasoning for Question Answering	"we run our system over the Aristo science questions corpus, achieving the strong results."	ACL	
Neural Word Segmentation Learning for Chinese	"a novel neural framework for the task of Chinese word segmentation, which contains three main components: (1) a factory to produce word representation when given its governed characters; (2) a sentence-level likelihood evaluation system for segmented sentence; (3) an efficient and effective algorithm to find the best segmentation."	ACL	
A Parallel-Hierarchical Model for Machine Comprehension on Sparse Data	"We have presented the novel Parallel-Hierarchical model for machine comprehension, and evaluated it on the small but complex MCTest"	ACL	
Easy Questions First? A Case Study on Curriculum Learning for Question Answering	"In our knowledge, this is the first application of curriculum learning to the task of QA and one of the first in NLP. We hope to make the NLP and ML communities aware of the benefits of CL for non-convex optimization."	ACL	
Easy Questions First? A Case Study on Curriculum Learning for Question Answering	"We perform an in-depth analysis of SPL, and propose heuristics which offer significant improvements over SPL; the state-of-the-art in curriculum learning"	ACL	
Easy Questions First? A Case Study on Curriculum Learning for Question Answering	We stress on diversity of questions in the curriculum during learning and propose a method that learns a curriculum while capturing diversity to gain more improvements	ACL	
Improved Representation Learning for Question Answer Matching	"We propose hybrid neural networks, which learn better representations for both questions and answers by combining merits of both RNN and CNN"	ACL	
Improved Representation Learning for Question Answer Matching	"We prove the effectiveness of attention on the answer selection task, which has not been sufficiently explored in prior work."	ACL	
Improved Representation Learning for Question Answer Matching	We achieve the state-of-the-art results on both TRECQA and InsuranceQA datasets.	ACL	
Tables as Semi-structured Knowledge for Question Answering	"we crowd-source a collection of over 9000 MCQs with alignment annotations to table elements, using tables as guidelines in efficient data harvesting."	ACL	
Tables as Semi-structured Knowledge for Question Answering	"we develop a feature-driven model that uses these MCQs to perform QA, while factchecking and reasoning over tables."	ACL	
Neural Networks For Negation Scope Detection	"Comparable or better performance: We show that neural networks perform on par with previously developed classifiers, with a bi-directional LSTM outperforming them when tested on data from the same genre"	ACL	
Neural Networks For Negation Scope Detection	Better understanding of the problem: We analyze in more detail the difficulty of detecting negation scope by testing on data of different genre and find that the performance of wordembedding features is comparable to that of more fine-grained syntactic features.	ACL	
Neural Networks For Negation Scope Detection	"Creation of additional resources: We create a synthetic test set of negative sentences extracted from Simple English Wikipedia (§ 5) and annotated according to the guidelines released during the *SEM2012 shared task (Morante et al., 2011), that we hope will guide future work in the field."	ACL	
Entropy Converges Between Dialogue Participants: Explanations from an Information-Theoretic Perspective	"we find new entropy change patterns in dialogues that are different from those in written text. Specifically, when distinguishing the speakers’ roles by topic initiator vs. responder, we see that the initiator’s entropy decreases (or remain steady) whilst the responder’s increases within a topic episode, and together they form a convergence pattern."	ACL	
CSE: Conceptual Sentence Embeddings based on Attention Model	"proposed Conceptual Sentence Embedding (CSE), an unsupervised framework that learns continuous distributed vector representations for sentence. Specially, by innovatively introducing concept information, this concept-level vector representations of sentence are learned to predict the surrounding words or target word in contexts"	ACL	
DocChat: An Information Retrieval Approach for Chatbot Engines Using Unstructured Documents	"presents a response retrieval method for chatbot engines based on unstructured documents. We evaluate our method on both question answering and chatbot scenarios, and obtain promising results."	ACL	
Towards more variation in text generation: Developing and evaluating variation models for choice of referential form	we introduce a nondeterministic method for referring expression generation. We describe two models that account for individual variation in the choice of referential form in automatically generated text: a Naive Bayes model and a Recurrent Neural Network.	ACL	
A Sentence Interaction Network for Modeling Dependence between Sentences	We propose a Sentence Interaction Network (SIN) which utilizes a new mechanism to model sentence interactions.	ACL	
A Sentence Interaction Network for Modeling Dependence between Sentences	"We add convolution layers to SIN, which improves the ability to model interactions between phrases."	ACL	
A Sentence Interaction Network for Modeling Dependence between Sentences	We obtain significant improvements on Answer Selection and Dialogue Act Analysis without any handcrafted features.	ACL	
Generating Factoid Questions With Recurrent Neural Networks: The 30M Factoid Question-Answer Corpus	We propose new neural network models for mapping knowledge base facts into corresponding natural language questions.	ACL	
Latent Predictor Networks for Code Generation	"We introduced a neural network architecture named Latent Prediction Network, which allows efficient marginalization over multiple predictors. Under this architecture"	ACL	
Latent Predictor Networks for Code Generation	we propose a generative model for code generation that combines a character level softmax to generate language-specific tokens and multiple pointer networks to copy keywords from the input.	ACL	
Improving Coreference Resolution by Learning Entity-Level Distributed Representations	We have presented a coreference system that captures entity-level information with distributed representations of coreference cluster pairs.	ACL	
Easy Things First: Installments Improve Referring Expression Generation for Objects in Photographs	"we train this model on the ReferIt corpus (Kazemzadeh et al., 2014) and define decoding mechanisms tailored to REG."	ACL	
Easy Things First: Installments Improve Referring Expression Generation for Objects in Photographs	we extend our probabilistic word selection model to work in a simple interactive installment component that tries to avoid semantically inadequate words as much as possible and only expands the expression in case of misunderstanding.	ACL	
Generative Topic Embedding: a Continuous Representation of Documents	"we proposed TopicVec, a generative model combining word embedding and LDA, with the aim of exploiting the word collocation patterns both at the level of the local context and the global document. Experiments show that TopicVec can learn high-quality document representations, even given only one document."	ACL	
A Discriminative Topic Model using Document Network Structure	"We propose a new joint model that makes fuller use of the rich link structure within a document network. Specifically, our model embeds the weighted stochastic block model (Aicher et al., 2014, WSBM) to identify blocks in which documents are densely connected. WSBM basically categorizes each item in a network probabilistically as belonging to one of L blocks, by reviewing its connections with each block."	ACL	
Collective Entity Resolution with Multi-Focal Attention	defining a novel multi-focal attention model	ACL	
Collective Entity Resolution with Multi-Focal Attention	applying it successfully to an entity resolution system.	ACL	
Unsupervised Multi-Author Document Decomposition Based on Hidden Markov Model	We capture the dependencies between consecutive elements in a document to identify different authorial components and construct an HMM for classification. It is for the first time the sequential patterns hidden among document elements is considered for such a problem.	ACL	
Unsupervised Multi-Author Document Decomposition Based on Hidden Markov Model	"To build and learn the HMM model, an unsupervised learning method is first proposed to estimate its initial parameters, and it does not require any information of authors or document’s context other than how many authors have contributed to write the document."	ACL	
Unsupervised Multi-Author Document Decomposition Based on Hidden Markov Model	"Different from the approach in Aldebei et al. (2015), the proposed unsupervised approach no longer relies on any predetermined threshold for ABDD."	ACL	
Unsupervised Multi-Author Document Decomposition Based on Hidden Markov Model	Comprehensive experiments are conducted to demonstrate the superior performance of our ideas on both widely-used artificial benchmark datasets and an authentic scientific document.	ACL	
Universal Dependencies for Learner English	"we introduce the first large scale syntactic treebank for ESL, manually annotated with POS tags and universal dependencies."	ACL	
Universal Dependencies for Learner English	we describe a linguistically motivated annotation scheme for ungrammatical learner English and provide empirical support for its consistency via inter-annotator agreement analysis.	ACL	
Universal Dependencies for Learner English	we benchmark a state of the art parser on our dataset and estimate the influence of grammatical errors on the accuracy of automatic POS tagging and dependency parsing	ACL	
Automatic Text Scoring Using Neural Networks	we introduced a deep neural network model capable of representing both local contextual and usage information as encapsulated by essay scoring. This model yields score-specific word embeddings used later by a recurrent neural network in order to form essay representations.	ACL	
Improved Semantic Parsers For If-Then Statements	"we address a semantic parsing task, namely translating sentences to If-Then statements."	ACL	
Improved Semantic Parsers For If-Then Statements	"We model the task as structure prediction, and show improved models using both neural networks and logistic regression."	ACL	
Bidirectional Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network for Relation Classification	we propose a recurrent convolutional neural network (RCNN) to encode the global pattern in SDP utilizing a two-channel LSTM based recurrent neural network and capture local features of every two neighbor words linked by a dependency relation utilizing a convolution layer.	ACL	
Bidirectional Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network for Relation Classification	"we propose a bidirectional recurrent convolutional neural networks (BRCNN) to learn representations with bidirectional information along the SDP forwards and backwards at the same time, which also strengthen the ability to classifying directions of relationships between entities."	ACL	
Sentence Rewriting for Semantic Parsing	"we present a novel semantic parsing method, which can effectively deal with the mismatch between natural language and target ontology using sentence rewriting."	ACL	
Sentence Rewriting for Semantic Parsing	"We resolve two common types of mismatch (i) one word in natural language sentence vs one compound formula in target ontology (1-N), (ii) one complicated expression in natural language sentence vs one formula in target ontology (N-1)."	ACL	
Sentence Rewriting for Semantic Parsing	"we present two sentence rewriting methods, dictionary-based method for 1-N mismatch and template-based method for N-1 mismatch"	ACL	
Chinese Zero Pronoun Resolution with Deep Neural Networks	"We proposed an embedding matching approach to zero pronoun resolution based on deep networks. To our knowledge, this is the first neural networkbased approach to zero pronoun resolution."	ACL	
CFO: Conditional Focused Neural Question Answering with Large-scale Knowledge Bases	we employ a fully probabilistic treatment of the problem with a novel conditional parameterization using neural networks	ACL	
CFO: Conditional Focused Neural Question Answering with Large-scale Knowledge Bases	we propose the focused pruning method to reduce the search space during inference	ACL	
CFO: Conditional Focused Neural Question Answering with Large-scale Knowledge Bases	we investigate two variations to improve the generalization of representations for millions of entities under highly sparse supervision.	ACL	
Verbs Taking Clausal and Non-Finite Arguments as Signals of Modality – Revisiting the Issue of Meaning Grounded in Syntax	"We consider a purely syntactic classification of more than 600 German AOselecting verbs and induce semantic classes based on findings from formal semantics about correspondences between verb syntax and meaning. This yields an initial description of the meaning components associated with the classes, along with a tentative class name."	ACL	
Verbs Taking Clausal and Non-Finite Arguments as Signals of Modality – Revisiting the Issue of Meaning Grounded in Syntax	"we refine and extend the semantic characterization of the verb classes by translating it to English and linking it to existing semantic classes in lexical resources at the word sense level: we consider the coarse semantic fields in the German wordnet GermaNet (Kunze and Lemnitzer, 2002), the verb classes in the English lexicon VerbNet (Kipper et al., 2008), and the semantic frames in the English lexicon FrameNet (Baker et al., 1998).As a result, we obtain a detailed semantic characterization of the verb classes, as well as insights into the validity of Levin’s theory across the related languages German and English"	ACL	
Verbs Taking Clausal and Non-Finite Arguments as Signals of Modality – Revisiting the Issue of Meaning Grounded in Syntax	"We also perform a task-oriented evaluation of the verb classes in textual entailment recognition, making use of insights from the previous two steps. The results suggest that the verb classes might be a promising resource for this task, for German and for English."	ACL	
Coordination Annotation Extension in the Penn Tree Bank	"We present a version of the PTB with improved annotation for coordination structure. The new annotation adds structure to the previously flat NPs, unifies inconsistencies, fix errors, and marks the role of different participants in the coordination structure with respect to the coordination."	ACL	
Coordination Annotation Extension in the Penn Tree Bank	We make our annotation available to the NLP community. T	ACL	
Modeling Social Norms Evolution for Personalized Sentiment Classification	"we proposed to perform personalized sentiment classification based on the notion of shared model adaptation, which is motivated by the social theories that humans’ opinions are diverse but shaped by the ever-changing social norms."	ACL	
Modeling Concept Dependencies in a Scientific Corpus	We introduce the concept graph representation for modeling the technical concepts in a corpus and their relations.	ACL	
Modeling Concept Dependencies in a Scientific Corpus	We present information-theoretic approaches to infer concept dependence relations	ACL	
Modeling Concept Dependencies in a Scientific Corpus	We perform the first human annotation of concept dependence for a technical corpus.	ACL	
Modeling Concept Dependencies in a Scientific Corpus	We release the human annotation data for use in future research.	ACL	
How Well Do Computers Solve Math Word Problems? Large-Scale Dataset Construction and Evaluation	"We have constructed Dolphin18K, a large dataset for training and evaluating automatic math word problem solving systems."	ACL	
Text Understanding with the Attention Sum Reader Network	we presented a new neural network architecture for natural language text comprehension	ACL	
Transition-Based Left-Corner Parsing for Identifying PTB-Style Nonlocal Dependencies	We introduce empty element detection into transition-based left-corner constituent parsing.	ACL	
Transition-Based Left-Corner Parsing for Identifying PTB-Style Nonlocal Dependencies	"We extend c-command relation to deal with nodes in parse tree stack in the transition system, and develop heuristic rules which coindex empty elements with their fillers on the basis of the extended version of c-command."	ACL	
Transition-Based Left-Corner Parsing for Identifying PTB-Style Nonlocal Dependencies	We introduce new features about nonlocal dependency to our parsing model.	ACL	
"Siamese CBOW: Optimizing Word Embeddings
for Sentence Representations"	"We present Siamese CBOW, an efficient neural network architecture for obtaining high-quality word embeddings, directly optimized for sentence representations"	ACL	
"Siamese CBOW: Optimizing Word Embeddings
for Sentence Representations"	"We evaluate the embeddings produced by Siamese CBOW on 20 datasets, originating from a range of sources (newswire, tweets, video descriptions), and demonstrate the robustness of embeddings across different settings."	ACL	
A CALL System for Learning Preposition Usage	We have presented a computer-assisted language learning (CALL) system that automatically creates fill-in-the-blank items for prepositions.	ACL	
A CALL System for Learning Preposition Usage	"We compared the performance of three methods for distractor generation, including a novel method that exploits learner revision statistics."	ACL	
A Persona-Based Neural Conversation Model	We have presented two persona-based response generation models for open-domain conversation generation	ACL	
Discriminative Deep Random Walk for Network Classification	"paper presents Discriminative Deep Random Walk (DDRW), a novel approach for relational multi-class classification on social networks."	ACL	
Agreement-based Learning of Parallel Lexicons and Phrases from Non-Parallel Corpora	We have presented agreement-based training for learning parallel lexicons and phrases from nonparallel corpora.	ACL	
Normalising Medical Concepts in Social Media Texts by Learning Semantic Representation	We propose two novel approaches based on CNN and RNN for medical concept normalisation.	ACL	
Normalising Medical Concepts in Social Media Texts by Learning Semantic Representation	"We introduce two datasets with the goldstandard mappings between medical concepts and social media texts extracted from tweets and blog posts, respectively."	ACL	
Normalising Medical Concepts in Social Media Texts by Learning Semantic Representation	"We thoroughly evaluate our proposed approaches using these two datasets and an existing dataset of tweets related to the topic of adverse drug reactions (ADRs) (Limsopatham and Collier, 2015a)."	ACL	
Deep Fusion LSTMs for Text Semantic Matching	"Different with previous models, DF-LSTMs model the strong interactions of two texts in a recursive matching way, which consist of two inter- and intra-dependent LSTMs."	ACL	
Deep Fusion LSTMs for Text Semantic Matching	"Compared to the previous works on text matching, we perform extensive empirical studies on two very large datasets. Experiment results demonstrate that our proposed architecture is more effective."	ACL	
Deep Fusion LSTMs for Text Semantic Matching	"We present an elaborate qualitative analysis of our model, giving an intuitive understanding how our model worked."	ACL	
Understanding Discourse on Work and Job-Related Well-Being in Public Social Media	propose a classification framework for such broad concepts as work that alternates between humans-in-the-loop annotation and machine learning over multiple iterations to simultaneously clarify human understanding of these concepts and automatically determine whether or not posts from public social media sites are about work.	ACL	
Understanding Discourse on Work and Job-Related Well-Being in Public Social Media	use our classifiers to study job-related discourse on social media using data-driven ethnography.	ACL	
End-to-end Sequence Labeling via Bi-directional LSTM-CNNs-CRF	proposing a novel neural network architecture for linguistic sequence labeling.	ACL	
End-to-end Sequence Labeling via Bi-directional LSTM-CNNs-CRF	giving empirical evaluations of this model on benchmark data sets for two classic NLP tasks.	ACL	
End-to-end Sequence Labeling via Bi-directional LSTM-CNNs-CRF	achieving state-of-the-art performance with this truly end-to-end system.	ACL	
Achieving Open Vocabulary Neural Machine Translation with Hybrid Word-Character Models	"We have proposed a novel hybrid architecture that combines the strength of both word- and character-based models. Word-level models are fast to train and offer high-quality translation; whereas, character-level models help achieve the goal of open vocabulary NMT"	ACL	
Off-topic Response Detection for Spontaneous Spoken English Assessment	a novel off-topic content detection framework based on topic-adapted RNNLMs was developed. The system was evaluated on the task of detecting off-topic spoken responses on the BULATS test.	ACL	
Synthesizing Compound Words for Machine Translation	we have presented a technique for generating compound words for target languages with open vocabularies by dynamically introducing synthetic translation options that allow spans of source text to translate as a single compound word.	ACL	
Harnessing Cognitive Features for Sarcasm Detection	"we created a novel framework to detect sarcasm, that derives insights from human cognition, that manifests over eye movement patterns."	ACL	
Harnessing Cognitive Features for Sarcasm Detection	"We hypothesized that distinctive eye-movement patterns, associated with reading sarcastic text, enables improved detection of sarcasm."	ACL	
Harnessing Cognitive Features for Sarcasm Detection	We augmented traditional linguistic features with cognitive features obtained from readers’ eye-movement data in the form of simple gaze-based features and complex features derived from a graph structure.	ACL	
End-to-End Relation Extraction using LSTMs on Sequences and Tree Structures	We presented a novel end-to-end relation extraction model that represents both word sequence and dependency tree structures by using bidirectional sequential and bidirectional tree-structured LSTM-RNNs.	ACL	
A short proof that O2 is an MCFL	We have presented a new proof that O2 is generated by a MCFG. It has at least superficial elements in common with the proof by Salvati (2015).	ACL	
Context-aware Argumentative Relation Mining	we have presented context-aware argumentative relation mining that makes use of contextual features by exploiting information from topic context and context sentences.	ACL	
Predicting the Rise and Fall of Scientific Topics from Trends in their Rhetorical Framing	"we introduce the notion of the rhetorical scholarly functions of scientific topics, extending previous work which tended to focus on the rhetorical functions of individual sentences. We present an algorithm to assign rhetorical function labels to a topic as used in an individual paper"	ACL	
Predicting the Rise and Fall of Scientific Topics from Trends in their Rhetorical Framing	"we derive a new narrative scheme for scientific abstracts from over 83,000 abstracts that are labeled with narrative structures by their authors themselves, and present a tagger trained on this data that can parse unseen abstracts with 87% accuracy"	ACL	
Predicting the Rise and Fall of Scientific Topics from Trends in their Rhetorical Framing	"we show that the rhetorical function distribution of a topic reflects its temporal trajectory, and that it is predictive of whether the topic will eventually rise or fall in popularity."	ACL	
RBPB: Regularization-Based Pattern Balancing Method for Event Extraction	"Inspired by the progress of representation learning, we use trigger embedding, sentence-level embedding, and pattern features together as the our features for balancing."	ACL	
RBPB: Regularization-Based Pattern Balancing Method for Event Extraction	We proposed a regularization-based method in order to make use of the relationship between candidate arguments. Our experiments on the ACE 2005 data set show that the regularization method does improve the performance of argument identification.	ACL	
Annotating and Predicting Non-Restrictive Noun Phrase Modifications	we propose a novel crowdsroucing annotation methodology which decouples the binary (restrictive / non-restrictive) distinction from the modifier span annotation (Section 3)	ACL	
Annotating and Predicting Non-Restrictive Noun Phrase Modifications	"in Section 4 we present a large scale annotated corpus, which will allow further research into the automatic identification of nonrestrictive modification"	ACL	
Annotating and Predicting Non-Restrictive Noun Phrase Modifications	"we developed a strong automatic classifier, which learns from our new corpus (Section 5). This classifier uses new linguistically motivated features which are robust enough to perform well over automatically predicted parse trees."	ACL	
Annotating and Predicting Non-Restrictive Noun Phrase Modifications	The corpus and the automatic classifier are both made publicly available.	ACL	
Inner Attention based Recurrent Neural Networks for Answer Selection	We analyze the attention bias problem in traditional attention based RNN models.	ACL	
Inner Attention based Recurrent Neural Networks for Answer Selection	We propose three inner attention based RNN models and achieve new state-of-the-art results in answer selection.	ACL	
Inner Attention based Recurrent Neural Networks for Answer Selection	We use Occam’s Razor to regulate the attention weights which shows advantage in long sentence representation.	ACL	
Relation Classification via Multi-Level Attention CNNs	"Our CNN architecture relies on a novel multilevel attention mechanism to capture both entity-specific attention (primary attention at the input level, with respect to the target entities) and relation-specific pooling attention (secondary attention with respect to the target relations)."	ACL	
Relation Classification via Multi-Level Attention CNNs	We introduce a novel pair-wise margin-based objective function that proves superior to standard loss functions	ACL	
Relation Classification via Multi-Level Attention CNNs	"We obtain the new state-of-the-art results for relation classification with an F1 score of 88.0% on the SemEval 2010 Task 8 dataset, outperforming methods relying on significantly richer prior knowledge."	ACL	
Knowledge Base Completion via Coupled Path Ranking	"We design a novel framework for multitask learning with PRA, i.e., CPRA. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study on multi-task PRA."	ACL	
Knowledge Base Completion via Coupled Path Ranking	"We empirically verify the effectiveness of CPRA on a real-world, large-scale KB. Specifically, we evaluate CPRA on benchmark data created from Freebase. Experimental results show that CPRA can effectively identify coherent clusters in which relations are highly correlated."	ACL	
Knowledge Base Completion via Coupled Path Ranking	"We compare CPRA and PRA to the embedding-based TransE model (Bordes et al., 2013), and demonstrate their superiority over TransE. As far as we know, this is the first work that formally compares PRA-style approaches to embedding-based ones, on publicly available Freebase data."	ACL	
Sequence-based Structured Prediction for Semantic Parsing	we propose to use sequence prediction for semantic parsing. Our experimental results show some significant improvements over previous systems.	ACL	
Sequence-based Structured Prediction for Semantic Parsing	we propose to predict derivation sequences taking into account grammatical constraints and we show that the model performs better than sequence prediction models not exploiting this knowledge.	ACL	
Learning Word Meta-Embeddings	present ensemble frameworks which show that a combination of complementary embedding sets produces betterperforming metaembeddings.	ACL	
Towards Constructing Sports News from Live Text Commentary	We originally study the task of sports news construction from live text commentary and we build datasets for supervised learning and evaluation for this task.	ACL	
Towards Constructing Sports News from Live Text Commentary	"We formulate the task in a learning to rank framework, utilizing both traditional features for document summarization and novel taskspecific features during supervised learning."	ACL	
Towards Constructing Sports News from Live Text Commentary	We propose a probabilistic sentence selection algorithm to address the issue of local redundancy in description.	ACL	
Towards Constructing Sports News from Live Text Commentary	We conduct a series of experiments on a real dataset and the evaluation results verify the performance of our system. Results suggest that constructing sports news from live texts is feasible and our proposed methods can outperform a few strong baselines.	ACL	
Probabilistic Graph-based Dependency Parsing with Convolutional Neural Network	exploring sub-tree scoring models which combine local features with a window-based neural network and global features from a distance-aware convolutional neural network.	ACL	
Probabilistic Graph-based Dependency Parsing with Convolutional Neural Network	A free distribution of our implementation is publicly available	ACL	
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Bilingual Document Representation Learning	"We propose a novel representation learning method BiDRL which directly learns bilingual document representations for cross-lingual sentiment classification. Different from previous studies which only obtain word embeddings, our model can learn vector representations for both words and documents in bilingual texts."	ACL	
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Bilingual Document Representation Learning	Our model leverages both the semantic and sentiment correlations between bilingual documents. Not only the parallel documents but also the documents with the same sentiment are required to get similar representations.	ACL	
Cross-Lingual Sentiment Classification with Bilingual Document Representation Learning	Our model achieves the state-of-the-art performances on nine benchmark cross-lingual sentiment classification tasks and it consistently outperforms the existing methods by a large margin.	ACL	
Segment-Level Sequence Modeling using Gated Recursive Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields	"We propose grSemi-CRFs, which solve both the automatic feature extraction problem for Semi-CRFs and the indirect word-level modeling problem in CRFs."	ACL	
Segment-Level Sequence Modeling using Gated Recursive Semi-Markov Conditional Random Fields	"We evaluate grSemi-CRFs on two segmentlevel sequence tagging tasks, text chunking and NER. Experimental results show the effectiveness of our model."	ACL	
Identifying Causal Relations Using Parallel Wikipedia Articles	a new dataset created using a distant supervision approach and new features for causality identification. One major advantage is that our method requires very little prior knowledge about the data and requires only a small seed set of known connectives.	ACL	
Inferring Perceived Demographics from User Emotional Tone and User-Environment Emotional Contrast	"these results are based on automatically predicted properties, as compared to ground truth. We argue here that while such automatically predicted annotations may be less than perfect at the individual user or tweet level, they provide for meaningful analysis when done on the aggregate."	ACL	
Which argument is more convincing? Analyzing and predicting convincingness of Web arguments using bidirectional LSTM	"large annotated dataset consisting of 16k argument pairs with 56k reasons in natural language (700k tokens),"	ACL	
Which argument is more convincing? Analyzing and predicting convincingness of Web arguments using bidirectional LSTM	"thorough investigation of the annotated data with respect to properties of convincingness as a measure,"	ACL	
Which argument is more convincing? Analyzing and predicting convincingness of Web arguments using bidirectional LSTM	"a SVM model and end-to-end BLSTM model. The annotated data, licensed under CC-BY-SA license, and the experimental code are publicly available"	ACL	
Target-Side Context for Discriminative Models in Statistical Machine Translation	We show that the addition of a feature-rich discriminative model significantly improves translation quality even for large data sizes and that target-side context information consistently further increases this improvement.	ACL	
Target-Side Context for Discriminative Models in Statistical Machine Translation	"We provide an analysis of the outputs which confirms that source-context features indeed help with semantic disambiguation (as is well known). Importantly, we also show that our novel use of target context improves morphological and syntactic coherence."	ACL	
Target-Side Context for Discriminative Models in Statistical Machine Translation	"In addition to extensive experimentation on translation from English to Czech, we also evaluate English to German, English to Polish and English to Romanian tasks, with improvements on translation quality in all tasks, showing that our work is broadly applicable."	ACL	
Target-Side Context for Discriminative Models in Statistical Machine Translation	We describe several optimizations which allow target-side features to be used efficiently in the context of phrase-based decoding.	ACL	
Target-Side Context for Discriminative Models in Statistical Machine Translation	"Our implementation is freely available in the widely used open-source MT toolkit Moses, enabling other researchers to explore discriminative modelling with target context in MT."	ACL	
Neural Machine Translation of Rare Words with Subword Units	"We show that open-vocabulary neural machine translation is possible by encoding (rare) words via subword units. We find our architecture simpler and more effective than using large vocabularies and back-off dictionaries (Jean et al., 2015; Luong et al., 2015b)."	ACL	
Neural Machine Translation of Rare Words with Subword Units	"We adapt byte pair encoding (BPE) (Gage, 1994), a compression algorithm, to the task of word segmentation. BPE allows for the representation of an open vocabulary through a fixed-size vocabulary of variable-length character sequences, making it a very suitable word segmentation strategy for neural network models."	ACL	
Implicit Discourse Relation Detection via a Deep Architecture with Gated Relevance Network	"We use word embeddings to replace the original words in the text segments to overcome data sparsity problem. In order to preserve the contextual information, we further encode the text segment to its positional representation through a recurrent neural network."	ACL	
Implicit Discourse Relation Detection via a Deep Architecture with Gated Relevance Network	"To deal with the semantic gap problem, we adopt a gated relevance network to capture the semantic interaction between the intermediate representations of the text segments."	ACL	
Implicit Discourse Relation Detection via a Deep Architecture with Gated Relevance Network	"Experimental results on PDTB (Prasad et al., 2008) show that the proposed method can achieve better performance in recognizing discourse level relations in all of the relations than the previous methods."	ACL	
Model Architectures for Quotation Detection	"propose two novel model architectures designed to investigate this claim. The first is simpler than the CRF. It uses token-level classifiers to predict quotation boundaries and combines the boundaries greedily to predict spans. The second model is more expressive. It is a semi-Markov sequence model which relaxes the Markov assumption, enabling it to consider global features of quotation spans."	ACL	
Speech Act Modeling of Written Asynchronous Conversations with Task-Specific Embeddings and Conditional Structured Models	"we propose to use Recurrent Neural Network (RNN) with Long Short Term Memory (LSTM) hidden layer to perform composition of phrases and to represent sentences using distributed condensed vectors (i.e., embeddings). We experiment with both unidirectional and bidirectional RNNs."	ACL	
Speech Act Modeling of Written Asynchronous Conversations with Task-Specific Embeddings and Conditional Structured Models	"we propose conditional structured models in the form of pairwise Conditional Random Field (Murphy, 2012) over arbitrary conversational structures. We experiment with different variations of this model to capture different types of interactions between sentences inside the comments and across the comments. These models use the LSTM encoded vectors as feature vectors for performing the classification task jointly."	ACL	
Speech Act Modeling of Written Asynchronous Conversations with Task-Specific Embeddings and Conditional Structured Models	we also present and release a forum dataset annotated with a standard speech act tagset.	ACL	
Cross-Lingual Image Caption Generation	"we have created and plan to release the first ever significantly large corpus for image caption generation for the Japanese language, forming a comparable corpus with existing English datasets."	ACL	
Cross-Lingual Image Caption Generation	we have created a very simple model based on neural image caption generation for Japanese that can exploit the English portion of the dataset.	ACL	
Learning Concept Taxonomies from Multi-modal Data	We propose a novel probabilistic Bayesian model (Section 3) for taxonomy induction by jointly leveraging textual and visual data. The model is discriminatively trained and can be directly applied to build a taxonomy from scratch for a collection of semantic labels.	ACL	
Learning Concept Taxonomies from Multi-modal Data	We design novel features (Section 4) based on generalpurpose distributed representations of text and images to capture both textual and visual relations between labels.	ACL	
Learning Concept Taxonomies from Multi-modal Data	"We evaluate our model and features on the ImageNet hierarchies with two different taxonomy induction tasks (Section 5). We achieve superior performance on both tasks and improve the F1 score by 2x in the taxonomy construction task, compared to previous approaches."	ACL	
Generating Natural Questions About an Image	"in order to enable the VQG research, we carefully created three datasets with a total of 75,000 questions, which range from object- to event-centric images, where we show that VQG covers a wide range of abstract terms including events and states (Section 3)"	ACL	
Generating Natural Questions About an Image	"we collected 25,000 gold captions for our eventcentric dataset and show that this dataset presents challenges to the state-of-the-art image captioning models (Section 3.3)."	ACL	
Generating Natural Questions About an Image	we perform analysis of various generative and retrieval approaches and conclude that end-to-end deep neural models outperform other approaches on our most-challenging dataset (Section 4).	ACL	
Generating Natural Questions About an Image	"we provide a systematic evaluation methodology for this task, where we show that the automatic metric ∆BLEU strongly correlates with human judgments (Section 5.3)."	ACL	
Optimizing an Approximation of ROUGE – a Problem-Reduction Approach to Extractive Multi-Document Summarization	We provide a theoretical justification and empirical validation for using ROUGE scores of individual sentences as an optimization objective.	ACL	
Optimizing an Approximation of ROUGE – a Problem-Reduction Approach to Extractive Multi-Document Summarization	"We use our approximation to define a mathematically principled discrete optimization problem for sentence selection. We empirically evaluate our framework on two DUC datasets, demonstrating the validity of our approximation, as well as its ability to achieve competitive ROUGE scores in comparison to several strong baselines."	ACL	
Optimizing an Approximation of ROUGE – a Problem-Reduction Approach to Extractive Multi-Document Summarization	"the resulting framework reduces the MDS task to the problem of scoring individual sentences with their ROUGE scores. The overall summarization task is converted to two sequential tasks: (i) scoring single sentences, and (ii) selecting summary sentences by solving an optimization problem where the ROUGE score of the selected sentences is maximized."	ACL	
Phrase Structure Annotation and Parsing for Learner English	"we present a phrase structure annotation scheme for dealing with learner English consistently and reliably. For this, we propose five principles which can be applied to creating a novel annotation scheme for learner corpora."	ACL	
Phrase Structure Annotation and Parsing for Learner English	"we evaluate the usefulness of the annotation scheme by annotating learner corpora using it. To be precise, we report on inter-annotator agreement rate and characteristic CFG rules in the corpora, and take the first step to revealing phrase structure parsing performance on learner English."	ACL	
Phrase Structure Annotation and Parsing for Learner English	we explore methods to improve phrase structure parsing for learner English.	ACL	
Phrase Structure Annotation and Parsing for Learner English	"we release the full annotation guidelines, the annotated corpora, and the improved parser model to the public"	ACL	
"On the Similarities Between Native, Non-native and Translated Texts"	"it sheds light on some fundamental questions regarding bilingualism, and we expect it to motivate and drive future research in both SLA and translation studies."	ACL	
"On the Similarities Between Native, Non-native and Translated Texts"	"a better understanding of constrained language may also have some practical import, as we briefly mention in the following section."	ACL	
Learning Text Pair Similarity with Context-sensitive Autoencoders	integrating context information into deep autoencoders	ACL	
Learning Text Pair Similarity with Context-sensitive Autoencoders	showing that such integration improves the representation performance of deep autoencoders across several different semantic similarity tasks.	ACL	
Linguistic Benchmarks of Online News Article Quality	"a taxonomy of 14 different content aspects that are associated with the editor-perceived quality of online news articles. The proposed 14 aspects are the result of an editorial study involving professional editors, journalists, and computational linguists."	ACL	
Linguistic Benchmarks of Online News Article Quality	an expert-annotated corpus of online news articles obtained from a major news portal. This corpus is curated by the editors and journalists who annotated the articles with respect to the 14 aspects and to the general editorial quality	ACL	
"Supersense Embeddings: A Unified Model for Supersense Interpretation, Prediction, and Utilization"	"We are the first to provide a joint wordand supersense-embedding model, which we make publicly available1 for the research community. This provides an insight into the word and supersense positions in the vector space through similarity queries and visualizations, and can be readily used in any word embedding application."	ACL	
"Supersense Embeddings: A Unified Model for Supersense Interpretation, Prediction, and Utilization"	"Using this information, we propose a supersense tagging model which achieves competitive performance on recently published social media datasets"	ACL	
"Supersense Embeddings: A Unified Model for Supersense Interpretation, Prediction, and Utilization"	"We demonstrate how these predicted supersenses and their embeddings can be used in a range of text classification tasks. Using a deep neural network architecture, we achieve an improvement of 2-6% in accuracy for the tasks of sentiment polarity classification, subjectivity classification and metaphor prediction."	ACL	
Topic Extraction from Microblog Posts Using Conversation Structures	"We propose a novel topic model, which explicitly exploits the topic dependencies contained in conversation structures to enhance topic assignments."	ACL	
Topic Extraction from Microblog Posts Using Conversation Structures	"Our model differentiates the generative process of topical and non-topic words, according to the message where a word is drawn from being a leader or a follower. This helps the model distinguish the topic-specific information from background noise."	ACL	
Topic Extraction from Microblog Posts Using Conversation Structures	"Our model outperforms state-of-the-art topic models when evaluated on a large real-world microblog dataset containing over 60K conversation trees, which is publicly available."	ACL	
Neural Relation Extraction with Selective Attention over Instances	"As compared to existing neural relation extraction model, our model can make full use of all informative sentences of each entity pair."	ACL	
Neural Relation Extraction with Selective Attention over Instances	"To address the wrong labelling problem in distant supervision, we propose selective attention to de-emphasize those noisy instances."	ACL	
Neural Relation Extraction with Selective Attention over Instances	"In the experiments, we show that selective attention is beneficial to two kinds of CNN models in the task of relation extraction."	ACL	
Leveraging FrameNet to Improve Automatic Event Detection	"To our knowledge, this is the first work performing event detection over ACE and FN to explore the relationships between frames and events."	ACL	
Leveraging FrameNet to Improve Automatic Event Detection	"We propose a global inference approach to detect events in FN, which is demonstrated very effective by our experiments. Moreover, based on the detected results, we analyze possible mappings from frames to event-types (all the detecting and mapping results are released for further use by the NLP community )."	ACL	
Leveraging FrameNet to Improve Automatic Event Detection	We improve the performance of event detection significantly and achieve a new state-of-the-art result by using events automatically detected from FN as extra training data	ACL	
Learning To Use Formulas To Solve Simple Arithmetic Problems	We model the application of a formula and present a novel method to learn to apply a formula;	ACL	
Learning To Use Formulas To Solve Simple Arithmetic Problems	We annotate the publicly available AddSub corpus with the correct formula and its associated variables;	ACL	
Learning To Use Formulas To Solve Simple Arithmetic Problems	We make the code publicly available.	ACL	
Most babies are little and most problems are huge: Compositional Entailment in Adjective-Nouns	We conduct an empirical analysis of ANs and their entailment properties.	ACL	
Most babies are little and most problems are huge: Compositional Entailment in Adjective-Nouns	We define a task for directly evaluating a system’s ability to predict compositional entailment of ANs in context.	ACL	
Most babies are little and most problems are huge: Compositional Entailment in Adjective-Nouns	We benchmark several state-of-the-art RTE systems on this task.	ACL	
Modeling Stance in Student Essays	"we propose a computational model for essay stance classification that outperforms four baselines, including our re-implementation of Faulkner’s approach"	ACL	
Modeling Stance in Student Essays	"in order to stimulate further research on this task, we make our annotations publicly available."	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction: Machine Translation and Classifiers	We examine two state-of-the-art approaches to GEC and identify strengths and weaknesses of the respective learning frameworks.	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction: Machine Translation and Classifiers	"We perform an error analysis of the output of two state-of-the-art systems, and demonstrate how the methods differ with respect to the types of language misuse handled by each."	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction: Machine Translation and Classifiers	"We exploit the strengths of each framework: with classifiers, we explore the ability to learn from native data, i.e. without supervision, and the flexibility to adjust knowledge sources to specific error types; with MT, we leverage the ability to learn without further linguistic input and to better identify complex mistakes that cannot be easily defined in a classifier framework"	ACL	
Recurrent neural network models for disease name recognition using domain invariant features	Domain invariant features with various RNN architectures for the disease name recognition and classification tasks	ACL	
Recurrent neural network models for disease name recognition using domain invariant features	"Comparative study on the use of character based embedded features, word embedding features and combined features in the RNN models."	ACL	
Recurrent neural network models for disease name recognition using domain invariant features	Failure analysis to check where exactly our models are failed in the considered tasks.	ACL	
	We introduce the first domain adaptation model for authorship attribution that combines labeled data in a source domain with unlabeled data from a target domain to improve performance on the target domain.	ACL	
Domain Adaptation for Authorship Attribution: Improved Structural Correspondence Learning	"We examine two sets of features that have previously been successful in cross-domain authorship attribution, explain how these can be used to select the “pivot” features required by SCL, and show that typed n-gram features (which differentiate between the the in their and the the in breathe) produce simpler models that are just as accurate"	ACL	
Domain Adaptation for Authorship Attribution: Improved Structural Correspondence Learning	"We propose a new approach for defining SCL’s pivot feature classification task so that it is able to handle count-based features, and show that this median-based approach outperforms the standard SCL approach"	ACL	
Domain Adaptation for Authorship Attribution: Improved Structural Correspondence Learning	"We examine the importance of the dimensionality reduction step in SCL, and show that the singular value decomposition increases robustness even beyond the robustness achieved by SCL’s learned feature transformations."	ACL	
Domain Adaptation for Authorship Attribution: Improved Structural Correspondence Learning	"We propose an alternative approach to combining features within SCL, and show that excluding the non-pivot features from the final classifier generally improves performance"	ACL	
One for All: Towards Language Independent Named Entity Linking	"extending a powerful inference algorithm for global entity linking, built using similarity measures, corpus statistics, along with knowledge base statistics."	ACL	
One for All: Towards Language Independent Named Entity Linking	integrates many language-agnostic and domain independent features in an exponential framework	ACL	
One for All: Towards Language Independent Named Entity Linking	"provide empirical evidence on a large variety of popular benchmark datasets that the resulting model outperforms or matches the best published results, and, most importantly, the trained model transfers well across languages, outperforming the state-of-the-art (SOTA) in Spanish and matching it in Chinese."	ACL	
On Approximately Searching for Similar Word Embeddings	"we focus on neural word embeddings learned by a recently developed skip-gram model (Mikolov, 2013)"	ACL	
On Approximately Searching for Similar Word Embeddings	show that a graph-based search method clearly performs better than the best one reported in the Gorman and Curran study from different aspects	ACL	
On Approximately Searching for Similar Word Embeddings	"report the useful facts that normalizing vectors can achieve an effective search with cosine similarity, the search performance is more strongly related to a learning model of embeddings than its training data, the distribution shape of embeddings is a key factor relating to the search performance, and the final performance of a target application can be far different from the search performance."	ACL	
"The More Antecedents, the Merrier: Resolving Multi-Antecedent Anaphors"	it provides a generalization of the anaphor resolution problem to permit linking to multiple antecedents.	ACL	
"The More Antecedents, the Merrier: Resolving Multi-Antecedent Anaphors"	"we characterize core properties of m-anaphors and their linguistic environments in a large, annotated corpus."	ACL	
"The More Antecedents, the Merrier: Resolving Multi-Antecedent Anaphors"	we provide a entity-centric system for specifically resolving multi-antecedent cases that outperforms a number of baselines.	ACL	
"The More Antecedents, the Merrier: Resolving Multi-Antecedent Anaphors"	"we show how to pair our system with an existing coreference system and show a gain of 0.6 points (CoNLL F1) on the complete coreference resolution task (resolving all anaphors, single- and multi-antecedent)."	ACL	
Automatic Labeling of Topic Models Using Text Summaries	We are the first to invesitage using text summaries for topic labeling;	ACL	
Automatic Labeling of Topic Models Using Text Summaries	"We propose a summarization algorithm based on submodular optimization to extract summaries with both high relevance, coverage and discrimination for all topics."	ACL	
Automatic Labeling of Topic Models Using Text Summaries	Automatic and manual analysis reveals the usefulness and advantages of the summaries produced by our algorithm.	ACL	
TransG : A Generative Model for Knowledge Graph Embedding	"We propose a new issue in knowledge graph embedding, multiple relation semantics that a relation in knowledge graph may have different meanings revealed by the associated entity pairs, which has never been studied previously."	ACL	
TransG : A Generative Model for Knowledge Graph Embedding	"To address the above issue, we propose a novel Bayesian non-parametric infinite mixture embedding model, TransG. The model can automatically discover semantic clusters of a relation, and leverage a mixture of multiple relation components for translating an entity pair. Moreover, we present new insights from the generative perspective"	ACL	
TransG : A Generative Model for Knowledge Graph Embedding	Extensive experiments show that our proposed model obtains substantial improvements against the state-of-the-art baselines.	ACL	
Chinese Couplet Generation with Neural Network Structures	we propose a series of neural network-based couplet generation models	ACL	
Chinese Couplet Generation with Neural Network Structures	We formulate a new system framework to take in the antecedent clauses and to output the subsequent clauses in the couplet pairs	ACL	
Chinese Couplet Generation with Neural Network Structures	"We tackle the special characteristics of couplets, such as corresponding characters paired in the two clauses, by incorporating the attention mechanism into the generation process."	ACL	
Chinese Couplet Generation with Neural Network Structures	we propose a novel polishing schema to iteratively refine the generated couplet using local pattern of neighboring characters.	ACL	
Learning Multiview Embeddings of Twitter Users	an application of GCCA to learning vector representations of social media users that best accounts for all aspects of a user’s online life	ACL	
Learning Multiview Embeddings of Twitter Users	"an evaluation of these vector representations for a set of Twitter users at three different tasks: user engagement, friend, and demographic attribute prediction."	ACL	
A Fast Approach for Semantic Similar Short Texts Retrieval	we propose a fast approach to tackle the efficiency problem for retrieving top-k semantic similar short texts	ACL	
A Fast Approach for Semantic Similar Short Texts Retrieval	we present the optimized techniques and improve the efficiency which minimizes the candidate number to be evaluated in our framework.	ACL	
Recognizing Salient Entities in Shopping Queries	Building semantic tagging framework for shopping queries.	ACL	
Recognizing Salient Entities in Shopping Queries	Leveraging missing knowledge base entries through word embeddings learned on large amount of unlabeled query logs.	ACL	
Recognizing Salient Entities in Shopping Queries	"Annotating 37, 000 shopping queries with product, brand, model and product family entity types."	ACL	
Recognizing Salient Entities in Shopping Queries	Conducting a comparative and efficiency study of multiple structured prediction algorithms and settings.	ACL	
Recognizing Salient Entities in Shopping Queries	Showing that long short-term memory networks reaches the best performance of 90.92 F1 and is agnostic to query length.	ACL	
Natural Language Inference by Tree-Based Convolution and Heuristic Matching	We are the first to introduce tree-based convolution to sentence pair modeling tasks like NLI	ACL	
Natural Language Inference by Tree-Based Convolution and Heuristic Matching	"Leveraging additional heuristics further improves the accuracy while remaining low complexity, outperforming existing sentence encoding-based approaches to a large extent, including feature-rich methods and long short term memory (LSTM)-based recurrent networks."	ACL	
Multi-Modal Representations for Improved Bilingual Lexicon Learning	We introduce bilingual multi-modal semantic spaces that merge linguistic and visual components to obtain semantically-enriched bilingual multi-modal word representations.	ACL	
Multi-Modal Representations for Improved Bilingual Lexicon Learning	"propose a weighting technique based on image dispersion (Kiela et al., 2014) that governs the influence of visual information in fused representations, and show that this technique leads to robust multi-modal models which do not require fine tuning of the fusion parameter."	ACL	
The Value of Semantic Parse Labeling for Knowledge Base Question Answering	"s the construction of the largest semantic parse dataset for KB questionanswering to date. In order to evaluate the costs and benefits of gathering semantic parse labels, we created the WEBQUESTIONSSP dataset1 , which contains semantic parses for the questions from WEBQUESTIONS that are answerable using Freebase. In particular, we provide SPARQL queries for 4,737 questions"	ACL	
The Value of Semantic Parse Labeling for Knowledge Base Question Answering	"a demonstration that semantic parses can be collected at low cost. We employ a staged labeling paradigm that enables efficient labeling of semantic parses and improves the accuracy, consistency and efficiency of obtaining answers."	ACL	
Attention-Based Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Networks for Relation Classification	"using BLSTM with attention mechanism, which can automatically focus on the words that have decisive effect on classification, to capture the most important semantic information in a sentence, without using extra knowledge and NLP systems"	ACL	
Attention-Based Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Networks for Relation Classification	"We conduct experiments on the SemEval-2010 Task 8 dataset, and achieve an F1-score of 84.0%, higher than most of the existing methods in the literature."	ACL	
Deep multi-task learning with low level tasks supervised at lower layers	We present a MTL architecture for sequence tagging with deep bi-RNNs;	ACL	
Deep multi-task learning with low level tasks supervised at lower layers	We show that having task supervision from all tasks at the outermost level is often suboptimal;	ACL	
Deep multi-task learning with low level tasks supervised at lower layers	we show that this architecture can be used for domain adaptation.	ACL	
Natural Language Generation enhances human decision-making with uncertain information	We study a principled mapping of uncertainty to Natural Language and provide recommendations and data for future NLG systems	ACL	
Natural Language Generation enhances human decision-making with uncertain information	We introduce a game-based data collection environment which extends task-based evaluation by measuring the impact of NLG on decision-making (measuring user confidence and game/task success)	ACL	
Natural Language Generation enhances human decision-making with uncertain information	"We show that effects of the different representations vary for different user groups, so that user adaptation is necessary when generating multimodal presentations of uncertain information."	ACL	
Which Tumblr Post Should I Read Next?	We propose a novel CCMC based Tumblr blog post recommendation model.	ACL	
Which Tumblr Post Should I Read Next?	We represent users and blogs with an extensive set of side information sources such as the user/blog activity and text/tags.	ACL	
Which Tumblr Post Should I Read Next?	We conduct extensive experimental evaluations on Tumblr data and show that our approach significantly outperforms existing methods.	ACL	
Text Simplification as Tree Labeling	"We present a sentence simplification model which is, to the best of our knowledge, the first model that uses structured prediction over dependency trees and models compression and paraphrasing jointly."	ACL	
The Enemy in Your Own Camp: How Well Can We Detect Statistically-Generated Fake Reviews – An Adversarial Study	"We set up an adversarial evaluation approach inspired by (Smith, 2012), using graphical models to build various language models that generate fake reviews, with and without recurrence to meta-information."	ACL	
The Enemy in Your Own Camp: How Well Can We Detect Statistically-Generated Fake Reviews – An Adversarial Study	"We then test how well a logistic regression model can distinguish real from fake reviews from both models under two settings (the model has access to metainformation or not), and how well human judges can detect fake reviews generated by the model with meta-information."	ACL	
A Latent Concept Topic Model for Robust Topic Inference Using Word Embeddings	"We propose LCTM that infers topics via document-level co-occurrence patterns of latent concepts, and derive a collapsed Gibbs sampler for approximate inference."	ACL	
A Latent Concept Topic Model for Robust Topic Inference Using Word Embeddings	We show that LCTM can accurately represent short texts by outperforming conventional topic models in a clustering task.	ACL	
A Latent Concept Topic Model for Robust Topic Inference Using Word Embeddings	"By means of a classification task, we furthermore demonstrate that LCTM achieves superior performance to other state-of-the-art topic models in handling documents with a high degree of OOV words"	ACL	
Hawkes Processes for Continuous Time Sequence Classification: an Application to Rumour Stance Classification in Twitter	Developing a Hawkes Process model for time sensitive sequence classification.	ACL	
Hawkes Processes for Continuous Time Sequence Classification: an Application to Rumour Stance Classification in Twitter	Demonstrating on real world data how temporal dynamics conveys important information for stance classification.	ACL	
Hawkes Processes for Continuous Time Sequence Classification: an Application to Rumour Stance Classification in Twitter	Establishing the new state of the art method for rumour stance classification. 4. Broadening the set of labels considered in previous work to include a new label commenting.	ACL	
Multilingual Part-of-Speech Tagging with Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Models and Auxiliary Loss	evaluate the effectiveness of different representations in biLSTMs	ACL	
Multilingual Part-of-Speech Tagging with Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Models and Auxiliary Loss	"compare these models across a large set of languages and under varying conditions (data size, label noise)"	ACL	
Multilingual Part-of-Speech Tagging with Bidirectional Long Short-Term Memory Models and Auxiliary Loss	propose a novel biLSTM model with auxiliary loss (LOGFREQ).	ACL	
Integrating Distributional Lexical Contrast into Word Embeddings for Antonym–Synonym Distinction	a new vector representation that improves the quality of weighted features to distinguish between antonyms and synonyms (Section 2.1)	ACL	
Integrating Distributional Lexical Contrast into Word Embeddings for Antonym–Synonym Distinction	"a novel extension of skip-gram models that integrates the improved vector representations into the objective function, in order to predict similarities between words and to identify antonyms (Section 2.2)."	ACL	
Modeling the Interpretation of Discourse Connectives by Bayesian Pragmatics	"an adaptation of the Bayesian Rational Speech Acts model to DC interpretation using a discourse-annotated corpus, the Penn Discourse Treebank"	ACL	
Modeling the Interpretation of Discourse Connectives by Bayesian Pragmatics	integration of the proposed model with a state-of-the-art automatic discourse parser to improve discourse sense classification.	ACL	
Coarse-grained Argumentation Features for Scoring Persuasive Essays	"we introduce a set of argumentation features related to three main dimensions of argumentative structure: 1) features related to argument components such as the number of claims in an essay, number of premises, fraction of sentences containing argument components; 2) features related to argument relations such as the number and percentage of supported and unsupported claims; and 3) features related to the typology of argumentative structure such as number of chains (see Figure 1)"	ACL	
Coarse-grained Argumentation Features for Scoring Persuasive Essays	"we show that the argumentation features extracted based on argumentative structures automatically predicted by a state-of-the-art argumentation mining system (Stab and Gurevych, 2014b) are also good predictors of essays scores (Section 4)."	ACL	
Joint part-of-speech and dependency projection from multiple sources	We present a novel ILP-based algorithm for jointly projecting POS labels and dependency annotations across word-aligned parallel corpora.	ACL	
Joint part-of-speech and dependency projection from multiple sources	"Our experiments include between 23 and 27 languages using two parallel corpora that are available for hundreds of languages, namely a collection of Bibles and Watchtower periodicals."	ACL	
Joint part-of-speech and dependency projection from multiple sources	we make both the parallel corpora and the code publicly available.	ACL	
Dependency-based Gated Recursive Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	We present the dependency-based gated recursive neural network to combine local features with long distance dependencies.	ACL	
Dependency-based Gated Recursive Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	"To verify the effectiveness of the proposed approach, we conduct experiments on three widely used datasets. Our proposed model achieves the best performance compared with other state-of-the-art approaches."	ACL	
The Social Impact of Natural Language Processing	"We believe ethical discussions are more constructive if led by practitioners, since the public discussion of ethical aspects of IT and data sciences is often loaded with fear of the unknown and unrealistic expectations."	ACL	
The Social Impact of Natural Language Processing	"we believe that the field of ethics can contribute a more general framework, and so this paper is an interdisciplinary collaboration between NLP and ethics researchers."	ACL	
The Social Impact of Natural Language Processing	"provide some of the relevant terminology from the literature on ethics of technology, namely the concepts of exclusion, overgeneralization, bias confirmation, topic under- and overexposure, and dual use."	ACL	
Weakly Supervised Models of Aspect-Sentiment for Online Course Discussion Forums	"We show how to encode weak supervision in the form of seed words to extract extract course-specific features in MOOCs using SeededLDA, a seeded variation of topic modeling (Jagarlamudi et al., 2012)."	ACL	
Weakly Supervised Models of Aspect-Sentiment for Online Course Discussion Forums	"Building upon our SeededLDA approach, we develop a joint model for aspects and sentiment using the hinge-loss Markov random field (HL-MRF) probabilistic modeling framework. This framework is especially well-suited for this problem because of its ability to combine information from multiple features and jointly reason about aspect and sentiment."	ACL	
Weakly Supervised Models of Aspect-Sentiment for Online Course Discussion Forums	"To validate the effectiveness of our system, we construct a labeled evaluation dataset by sampling posts from twelve MOOC courses, and annotating these posts with fine-grained MOOC aspects and sentiment via crowdsourcing. The annotation captures finegrained aspects of the course such as content, grading, deadlines, audio and video of lectures and sentiment (i.e., positive, negative, and neutral) toward the aspect in the post."	ACL	
Weakly Supervised Models of Aspect-Sentiment for Online Course Discussion Forums	We demonstrate that the proposed HL-MRF model can predict fine-grained aspects and sentiment and outperforms the model based only on SeededLDA.	ACL	
Semantically Smooth Knowledge Graph Embedding	"we devise a novel KG embedding framework that naturally requires the embedding space to be semantically smooth. As far as we know, it is the first work that imposes constraints on the geometric structure of the embedding space during KG embedding. By leveraging addition al semantic information, our approach can also deal with the data sparsity issue that commonly exists in typical KGs."	ACL	
Semantically Smooth Knowledge Graph Embedding	"we evaluate our approach in two benchmark tasks of link prediction and triple classification, and achieve significant and consistent improvements over state-ofthe-art models"	ACL	
SENSEMBED: Learning Sense Embeddings for Word and Relational Similarity	we propose a knowledge-based approach for obtaining continuous representations for individual word senses;	ACL	
SENSEMBED: Learning Sense Embeddings for Word and Relational Similarity	"by leveraging these representations and lexical-semantic knowledge, we put forward a semantic similarity measure with state-of-the-art performance on multiple datasets."	ACL	
Joint Models of Disagreement and Stance in Online Debate	"a flexible, unified framework for modeling online debates,"	ACL	
Joint Models of Disagreement and Stance in Online Debate	"extensive experimental study of many possible models on eight forum datasets, collected across two different debate websites,"	ACL	
Joint Models of Disagreement and Stance in Online Debate	general modeling recommendations resulting from our empirical studies.	ACL	
Low-Rank Regularization for Sparse Conjunctive Feature Spaces: An Application to Named Entity Classification	"We develop a new regularization framework for training max-entropy models in high-dimensional sparse conjunctive feature spaces. Since the proposed regularization implicitly induces a low dimensional embedding of feature vectors, our algorithm can also be seen as a way of implicitly learning a latent variable model"	ACL	
Low-Rank Regularization for Sparse Conjunctive Feature Spaces: An Application to Named Entity Classification	We present a simple convex learning algorithm for training the parameters of the model.	ACL	
Low-Rank Regularization for Sparse Conjunctive Feature Spaces: An Application to Named Entity Classification	We conduct experiments on learning entity classifiers with minimal supervision. Our results show that the proposed regularization framework is better for sparse conjunctive feature spaces than standard `2 and `1 regularization.	ACL	
Event Extraction via Dynamic Multi-Pooling Convolutional Neural Networks	"We present a novel framework for event extraction, which can automatically induce lexical-level and sentence-level features from plain texts without complicated NLP preprocessing."	ACL	
Event Extraction via Dynamic Multi-Pooling Convolutional Neural Networks	"We devise a dynamic multi-pooling convolutional neural network (DMCNN), which aims to capture more valuable information within a sentence for event extraction."	ACL	
Event Extraction via Dynamic Multi-Pooling Convolutional Neural Networks	"We conduct experiments on a widely used ACE2005 event extraction dataset, and the experimental results show that our approach outperforms other state-of-the-art methods."	ACL	
Learning Continuous Word Embedding with Metadata for Question Retrieval in Community Question Answering	we represent a question as a bag-of-embeddedwords (BoEW) in a continuous space;	ACL	
Learning Continuous Word Embedding with Metadata for Question Retrieval in Community Question Answering	we introduce a novel method to aggregate the variable cardinality BoEW into a fixed-length vector by using the FK. The FK is just one possible way to subsequently transform this bag representation into a fixed-length vector which is more amenable to large-scale processing;	ACL	
Learning Continuous Word Embedding with Metadata for Question Retrieval in Community Question Answering	an empirical verification of the efficacy of the proposed framework on large-scale English and Chinese cQA data.	ACL	
Question Answering over Freebase with Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks	"We introduce multi-column convolutional neural networks for question understanding without relying on hand-crafted features and rules, and use question paraphrases to train the column networks and word vectors in a multi-task learning manner"	ACL	
Question Answering over Freebase with Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks	We jointly learn low-dimensional embeddings for the entities and relations in FREEBASE with question-answer pairs as supervision signals	ACL	
Question Answering over Freebase with Multi-Column Convolutional Neural Networks	"We conduct extensive experiments on the WEBQUESTIONS dataset, and provide some intuitive interpretations for MCCNNs by developing a method to detect salient question words in the different column networks."	ACL	
Joint Information Extraction and Reasoning: A Scalable Statistical Relational Learning Approach	"We present a joint model for IE and relational learning in a statistical relational learning setting which outperforms universal schemas (Riedel et al., 2013), a state-of-theart joint method;"	ACL	
Joint Information Extraction and Reasoning: A Scalable Statistical Relational Learning Approach	"We incorporate latent context into the joint SRL model, bringing additional improvements."	ACL	
A Knowledge-Intensive Model for Prepositional Phrase Attachment	"Semantic Knowledge: Previous methods largely rely on corpus statistics. Our approach draws upon diverse sources of background knowledge, leading to performance improvements."	ACL	
A Knowledge-Intensive Model for Prepositional Phrase Attachment	"Unlabeled Data: In addition to training on labeled data, we also make use of a large amount of unlabeled data. This enhances our method’s ability to generalize to diverse data sets."	ACL	
A Knowledge-Intensive Model for Prepositional Phrase Attachment	"Datasets: In addition to the standard Wall Street Journal corpus (WSJ) (Ratnaparkhi et al., 1994), we labeled two new datasets for testing purposes, one from Wikipedia (WKP), and another from the New York Times Corpus (NYTC). We make these datasets freely available for future research."	ACL	
A Knowledge-Intensive Model for Prepositional Phrase Attachment	"we have applied our model to over 4 million 5-tuples of the form {n0, v, n1, p, n2}, and we also make this dataset available1 for research into ternary relation extraction beyond spatial and temporal scoping."	ACL	
A Convolution Kernel Approach to Identifying Comparisons in Text	we re-formulate the problem of automatic identification of comparative sentences into the more general task of identifying comparisons within sentences.	ACL	
A Convolution Kernel Approach to Identifying Comparisons in Text	"we propose to frame comparison identification as a relation extraction problem. This entails: #1) deriving an appropriate dependency tree representation of sentences to enable discrimination of comparison vs. non-comparison within the same sentence (see Section 2), and #2) a systematic exploration of the applicability of various tree kernel spaces to our task (see Section 3)."	ACL	
A Convolution Kernel Approach to Identifying Comparisons in Text	"due to the limitation of the existing tree kernels, we propose a new tree kernel: Skip-node Kernel that is contextsensitive, and discuss both its exact and approximate computations (see Section 4)"	ACL	
A Convolution Kernel Approach to Identifying Comparisons in Text	we validate its effectiveness and efficiency through experiments on real-life datasets (see Section 5).	ACL	
It Depends: Dependency Parser Comparison Using A Web-based Evaluation Tool	"A comparison of the accuracy and speed of ten state-of-the-art dependency parsers, covering a range of approaches, on a large multigenre corpus of English."	ACL	
It Depends: Dependency Parser Comparison Using A Web-based Evaluation Tool	"A new web-based tool, DEPENDABLE, for side-by-side comparison and visualization of the output from multiple dependency parsers."	ACL	
It Depends: Dependency Parser Comparison Using A Web-based Evaluation Tool	"A detailed error analysis for these parsers using DEPENDABLE, with recommendations for parser choice for different factors."	ACL	
It Depends: Dependency Parser Comparison Using A Web-based Evaluation Tool	"The release of the set of dependencies used in our experiments, the test outputs from all parsers, and the parser-specific models."	ACL	
Generating High Quality Proposition Banks for Multilingual Semantic Role Labeling	"We propose filtered projection focused specifically on raising the precision of projected labels, based on a detailed analysis of direct projection errors."	ACL	
Generating High Quality Proposition Banks for Multilingual Semantic Role Labeling	"We propose a bootstrap learning approach to retrain the SRL to iteratively improve recall without a significant reduction of precision, especially for arguments;"	ACL	
Generating High Quality Proposition Banks for Multilingual Semantic Role Labeling	We demonstrate the effectiveness and generalizability of our approach via an extensive set of experiments over 7 different language pairs.	ACL	
Generating High Quality Proposition Banks for Multilingual Semantic Role Labeling	We generate PropBanks for each of these languages and release them to the research community.	ACL	
Content Models for Survey Generation: A Factoid-Based Evaluation	"HITSUM, a new HITS-based content model for automatic survey generation for scientific topics."	ACL	
Content Models for Survey Generation: A Factoid-Based Evaluation	"A new dataset of 3,425 factoid-annotated sentences for scientific articles in 7 topics."	ACL	
Content Models for Survey Generation: A Factoid-Based Evaluation	"Experimental results for pyramid evaluation comparing three existing content models (Lexrank, C-Lexrank, TOPICSUM) with HITSUM."	ACL	
Matrix Factorization with Knowledge Graph Propagation for Unsupervised Spoken Language Understanding	"We are among the first to study matrix factorization techniques for unsupervised SLU, taking account of additional information;"	ACL	
Matrix Factorization with Knowledge Graph Propagation for Unsupervised Spoken Language Understanding	"We augment the MF model with a knowledge graph propagation model, increasing the global coherence of semantic decoding using induced slots"	ACL	
Matrix Factorization with Knowledge Graph Propagation for Unsupervised Spoken Language Understanding	"Our experimental results show that the MFbased unsupervised SLU outperforms strong discriminative baselines, obtaining promising results."	ACL	
S-MART: Novel Tree-based Structured Learning Algorithms Applied to Tweet Entity Linking	"We propose a novel structured learning framework called S-MART. S-MART combines non-linearity and efficiency of treebased models with structured prediction, leading to a family of new algorithms."	ACL	
S-MART: Novel Tree-based Structured Learning Algorithms Applied to Tweet Entity Linking	"We apply S-MART to tweet entity linking. Building on top of S-MART, we propose a novel inference algorithm for nonoverlapping structure with the goal of preventing conflicting entity assignments."	ACL	
S-MART: Novel Tree-based Structured Learning Algorithms Applied to Tweet Entity Linking	"We provide a systematic study of evaluation criteria in tweet entity linking by conducting extensive experiments over major data sets. The results show that S-MART significantly outperforms state-of-the-art entity linking systems, including the system that is used to win the NEEL 2014 challenge (Cano and others, 2014)."	ACL	
Modeling Argument Strength in Student Essays	we develop a scoring model for the argument strength dimension on student essays using a feature-rich approach.	ACL	
Modeling Argument Strength in Student Essays	"in order to stimulate further research on this task, we make our data set consisting of argument strength annotations of 1000 essays publicly available."	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"we focus directly on the topics. In particular, we formulate the problem as subset selection on the set of topics within a DAG while simultaneously considering the documents to be categorized. Our method can scale to the colossal size of the DAG (1 million topics and 3 million correlation links between topics in Wikipedia)"	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	We introduce a family of submodular functions to identify an appropriate set of topics from a DAG structured hierarchy of topics for a group of documents	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"We characterize this topic appropriateness through a set of desirable properties such as coverage, diversity, specificity, clarity, and relevance."	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"Each of the submodular function components we consider are monotone, thereby ensuring a near optimal performance obtainable via a simple greedy algorithm for optimization"	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"We also show how our technique naturally embodies outputs of other algorithms such as LDA, clustering, and classifications"	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"we utilize a large margin formulation for learning mixtures of these submodular functions, and show how we can optimally learn them from training data"	ACL	
Summarization of Multi-Document Topic Hierarchies using Submodular Mixtures	"We show that our learning framework outperforms many of the baselines, and is practical enough to be used on large corpora."	ACL	
Learning to Explain Entity Relationships in Knowledge Graphs	"a robust and effective method for explaining entity relationships, detailed insights into the performance of our method and features, and a manually annotated dataset."	ACL	
Bring you to the past: Automatic Generation of Topically Relevant Event Chronicles	"We propose a new task automatic generation of a topically relevant event chronicle, which is meaningful and has never been studied to the best of our knowledge."	ACL	
Bring you to the past: Automatic Generation of Topically Relevant Event Chronicles	"We design a general approach to tackle this new problem, which is languageindependent, domain-independent and scalable to any arbitrary topics."	ACL	
Bring you to the past: Automatic Generation of Topically Relevant Event Chronicles	We design a novel event detection model. It outperforms the state-of-the-art event detection model for generating topically relevant event chronicles.	ACL	
Multi-Objective Optimization for the Joint Disambiguation of Nouns and Named Entities	a model for joint nominal WSD and EL that outperforms previous state-of-the-art systems on both tasks	ACL	
Multi-Objective Optimization for the Joint Disambiguation of Nouns and Named Entities	an extensible framework for multi-objective disambiguation	ACL	
Multi-Objective Optimization for the Joint Disambiguation of Nouns and Named Entities	an extensive evaluation of the approach on multiple standard WSD and EL datasets	ACL	
Multi-Objective Optimization for the Joint Disambiguation of Nouns and Named Entities	the first work that employs continuous optimization techniques for disambiguation (to our knowledge)	ACL	
Multi-Objective Optimization for the Joint Disambiguation of Nouns and Named Entities	"publicly available code, resources and models"	ACL	
Sentiment-Aspect Extraction based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines	"Compared with previous LDA-based methods, our model avoids inaccurate approximations and captures latent aspects and sentiment both adequately and efficiently."	ACL	
Sentiment-Aspect Extraction based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines	"Our model exploits RBMs’ advantage in properly modeling distributed semantic representations from text, but also introduces heterogeneous structure into the hidden layer to reflect the generative process for online reviews. . It also uses a form of regularization to incorporate prior knowledge into the model. Due these modifications, our model is very well-suited for solving aspect-based opinion mining tasks"	ACL	
Sentiment-Aspect Extraction based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines	"The optimal weight matrix of this RBM model can exactly reflect individual word features toward aspects and sentiment, which is hard to achieve with LDA-based models due to the mixture model sharing mechanism."	ACL	
Sentiment-Aspect Extraction based on Restricted Boltzmann Machines	"Last but not the least, this RBM model is capable of jointly modeling aspect and sentiment information together."	ACL	
"Omnia Mutantur, Nihil Interit: Connecting Past with Present by Finding Corresponding Terms across Time"	"we propose an efficient method to find temporal counterparts by transforming the representation of terms within different temporal spaces,"	ACL	
"Omnia Mutantur, Nihil Interit: Connecting Past with Present by Finding Corresponding Terms across Time"	we then enhance the global correspondence method by considering also the local context of terms (local correspondence)	ACL	
"Omnia Mutantur, Nihil Interit: Connecting Past with Present by Finding Corresponding Terms across Time"	"we perform extensive experiments on the New York Times Annotated Corpus (Sandhaus, 2008), including the search from the present to the past and vice versa, which prove the effectiveness of our approach."	ACL	
Negation and Speculation Identification in Chinese Language	"To address the aforementioned first issue, this paper seeks to fill this gap by presenting the Chinese negation and speculation corpus which consists of three kind of sub-corpora annotated for negative and speculative cues, and their linguistic scopes."	ACL	
Negation and Speculation Identification in Chinese Language	"For cue detection, we propose a feature-based sequence labeling model to identify cues. It is worth noting that the morpheme feature is employed to better represent the compositional semantics inside Chinese words. Moreover, for improving the low recall rate which suffers from the unknown cues, we propose a cross-lingual cue expansion strategy based on parallel corpora."	ACL	
Negation and Speculation Identification in Chinese Language	"For scope resolution, we present a new syntactic structure-based framework on dependency tree. Evaluation justifies the appropriateness and validity of this framework on Chinese scope resolution, which outperforms the chunking-based framework that widely used in mainstream scope resolution systems."	ACL	
Learning Relational Features with Backward Random Walks	"we outline and discuss a new and larger family of relational features that may be represented in terms of random walks within the PRA framework. These features represent paths with constants, expanding the expressiveness of PRA"	ACL	
Learning Relational Features with Backward Random Walks	"we describe the learning of this extended set of paths by means of backward walks from relevant target nodes. Importantly, the search and computation of the extended set of features is performed efficiently, maintaining high scalability of the framework."	ACL	
Learning Relational Features with Backward Random Walks	"we report experimental results for relational inference tasks in two different domains, including knowledge base link prediction and person named entity extraction from parsed text (Minkov and Cohen, 2008)."	ACL	
Knowledge Graph Embedding via Dynamic Mapping Matrix	"We propose a novel model TransD, which constructs a dynamic mapping matrix for each entity-relation pair by considering the diversity of entities and relations simultaneously. It provides a flexible style to project entity representations to relation vector space;"	ACL	
Knowledge Graph Embedding via Dynamic Mapping Matrix	"Compared with TransR/CTransR, TransD has fewer parameters and has no matrixvector multiplication. It is easy to be applied on large-scale knowledge graphs like TransE and TransH;"	ACL	
Knowledge Graph Embedding via Dynamic Mapping Matrix	"In experiments, our approach outperforms previous models including TransE, TransH and TransR/CTransR in link prediction and triplets classification tasks."	ACL	
Automatic disambiguation of English puns	"we have produced a new data set consisting of manually sense-annotated homographic puns. The data set is large enough, and the manual annotations reliable enough, for a principled evaluation of automatic pun disambiguation systems."	ACL	
Automatic disambiguation of English puns	"we have shown how evaluation metrics, baselines, and disambiguation algorithms from traditional WSD can be adapted to the task of pun disambiguation, and we have tested these adaptations in a controlled experiment."	ACL	
Unsupervised Cross-Domain Word Representation Learning	"We propose a distributed word representation learning method that learns separate representations for a word for each domain in which it occurs. To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first-ever domain-sensitive distributed word representation learning method."	ACL	
Unsupervised Cross-Domain Word Representation Learning	"Given domain-specific word representations, we propose a method to learn a cross-domain sentiment classifier."	ACL	
Demographic Factors Improve Classification Performance	We investigate the effect of demographic factors on classification performance	ACL	
Demographic Factors Improve Classification Performance	"We show that NLP systems benefit from demographic awareness, i.e., that information about age and gender can lead to significant performance improvements in three different NLP tasks across five different languages."	ACL	
Trans-dimensional Random Fields for Language Modeling	"Train TDRF models .The new TDRF model and the joint SA training algorithm, which simultaneously updates the model parameters and normalizing constants while using trans-dimensional mixture sampling"	ACL	
Trans-dimensional Random Fields for Language Modeling	"Several additional innovations including accelerating SA iterations by using Hessian information, introducing word classing to accelerate the sampling operation and improve the smoothing behavior of the models, and parallelization of sampling."	ACL	
Gaussian LDA for Topic Models with Word Embeddings	We propose a new technique for topic modeling by treating the document as a collection of word embeddings and topics itself as multivariate Gaussian distributions in the embedding space (§3)	ACL	
Gaussian LDA for Topic Models with Word Embeddings	"We explore several strategies for collapsed Gibbs sampling and derive scalable algorithms, achieving asymptotic speed-up over the na¨ıve implementation (§4)"	ACL	
Gaussian LDA for Topic Models with Word Embeddings	We qualitatively show that our topics make intuitive sense and quantitatively demonstrate that our model captures a better representation of a document in the topic space by outperforming other models in a classification task (§5).	ACL	
Unifying Bayesian Inference and Vector Space Models for Improved Decipherment	We propose a new framework that combines the two main approaches to finding translations from monolingual data only.	ACL	
Unifying Bayesian Inference and Vector Space Models for Improved Decipherment	We develop a new base-distribution technique that improves state-of-the art decipherment accuracy by a factor of two for Spanish/English and Malagasy/English	ACL	
Unifying Bayesian Inference and Vector Space Models for Improved Decipherment	"We make our software available for future research, functioning as a kind of GIZA for non-parallel data."	ACL	
Detecting Deceptive Groups Using Conversations and Network Analysis	This is the first study to investigate conversations and deceptive groups for computerized deception detection.	ACL	
Detecting Deceptive Groups Using Conversations and Network Analysis	The proposed clustering technique is shown to be successful in separating deceptive groups from truth-tellers.	ACL	
Detecting Deceptive Groups Using Conversations and Network Analysis	The method can be applied to dynamically detect subgroups in a network with discussants who tend to change their opinions.	ACL	
Deep Questions without Deep Understanding	"our insight that a low-dimensional ontological document representation can be used as an intermediary for retrieving and generalizing high-level question templates to new documents,"	ACL	
Deep Questions without Deep Understanding	an efficient crowdsourcing scheme for soliciting such templates and relevance judgments (of templates to article) from the crowd in order to train a relevance classification model	ACL	
Deep Questions without Deep Understanding	using category/section inference and relevance prediction to retrieve and rank relevant deep questions for new text segments.	ACL	
The NL2KR Platform for building Natural Language Translation Systems	"a user friendly system based on an interactive multistage learning algorithm. This effective algorithm employs Inverse-λ, Generalization and user provided dictionary to learn new meanings of words from sentences and their representations."	ACL	
The NL2KR Platform for building Natural Language Translation Systems	"Using the learned meanings, and the Generalization approach, it is able to translate new sentences."	ACL	
The NL2KR Platform for building Natural Language Translation Systems	"NL2KR is evaluated on two standard corpora, Jobs and GeoQuery and it exhibits state-of-the-art performance on both of them."	ACL	
Improving Named Entity Recognition in Tweets via Detecting Non-Standard Words	We proposed a NSW detection model by leveraging normalization information of the OOV tokens.	ACL	
Improving Named Entity Recognition in Tweets via Detecting Non-Standard Words	"We created a data set with new NSW and normalization information, in addition to the existing NER labels."	ACL	
Improving Named Entity Recognition in Tweets via Detecting Non-Standard Words	It is the first time to our knowledge that an effective and joint approach is proposed to combine the NSW detection and NER techniques to improve the performance of these two tasks at the same time on social media data.	ACL	
Improving Named Entity Recognition in Tweets via Detecting Non-Standard Words	We demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed method. Our proposed NER system outperforms the state-of-the-art system.	ACL	
Joint Case Argument Identification for Japanese Predicate Argument Structure Analysis	We present new methods to jointly identify case arguments of all predicates in a sentence.	ACL	
Joint Case Argument Identification for Japanese Predicate Argument Structure Analysis	We propose global feature templates that capture interactions over multiple PAS.	ACL	
Joint Case Argument Identification for Japanese Predicate Argument Structure Analysis	"Performing experiments on the NAIST Text Corpus, we demonstrate our methods are superior to a strong baseline and comparable to the methods of representative previous work."	ACL	
Robust Subgraph Generation Improves Abstract Meaning Representation Parsing	"a novel approach to the NER++ task, illustrated in Figure 2. We notice that the subgraphs aligned to lexical items can often be generated from a small set of generative actions which generalize across tokens"	ACL	
Learning Semantic Representations of Users and Products for Document Level Sentiment Classification	We present a new neural network method (UPNN) by leveraging users and products for document-level sentiment classification	ACL	
Learning Semantic Representations of Users and Products for Document Level Sentiment Classification	We validate the influences of users and products in terms of sentiment and text on massive IMDB and Yelp reviews	ACL	
Learning Semantic Representations of Users and Products for Document Level Sentiment Classification	"We report empirical results on three datasets, and show that UPNN outperforms state-of-the-art methods for sentiment classification."	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	solve the PCP-F;	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	show that the PCP-F is tractable	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	show that the PCP is an instance of LP	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	develop a technique for identifying inconsistencies in SLs of various types;	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	implement our algorithm as a prototype SL debugger	ACL	
Towards Debugging Sentiment Lexicons	show that there is a strong correlation between polarity inconsistency in SLs and the performance of sentiment tagging tools developed on them	ACL	
"Sparse, Contextually Informed Models for Irony Detection: Exploiting User Communities, Entities and Sentiment"	"We demonstrate that contextual information, such as inferred user-community (in this case, the subreddit) can be crossed with extracted entities and sentiment to improve detection of verbal irony. This improves performance over baseline models (including those that exploit inferred sentiment, but not context)."	ACL	
"Sparse, Contextually Informed Models for Irony Detection: Exploiting User Communities, Entities and Sentiment"	"We introduce a novel composite regularization strategy that applies a sparsifying `1 penalty to the contextual/sentiment/entity feature weights in addition to the standard squared `2 penalty to all feature weights. This induces more compact, interpretable models that exhibit lower variance"	ACL	
Automatic Spontaneous Speech Grading: A Novel Feature Derivation Technique using the Crowd	We show that spoken English can be graded with accuracy by combining machine learning and crowdsourcing higher than a pure machine learning approach.	ACL	
Automatic Spontaneous Speech Grading: A Novel Feature Derivation Technique using the Crowd	"We show that the features derived from crowdsourced transcriptions perform as well as crowd grades in predicting expert grades. However, crowd grades add additional predictive value."	ACL	
Automatic Spontaneous Speech Grading: A Novel Feature Derivation Technique using the Crowd	"We propose a scalable and accurate way to perform evaluation of spontaneous speech, a huge requirement in the industry and elsewhere."	ACL	
Driving ROVER with Segment-based ASR Quality Estimation	we propose for the first time an application-oriented extrinsic evaluation of ASR QE	ACL	
Driving ROVER with Segment-based ASR Quality Estimation	we extend previous ASR QE methods with new features	ACL	
Driving ROVER with Segment-based ASR Quality Estimation	report significant improvements over standard ROVER on a shared dataset	ACL	
A Re-ranking Model for Dependency Parser with Recursive Convolutional Neural Network	"RCNN is a general architecture to model the distributed representations of a phrase or sentence with its dependency tree. Although RCNN is just used for the re-ranking of the dependency parser in this paper, it can be regarded as semantic modelling of text sequences and handle the input sequences of varying length into a fixed-length vector."	ACL	
A Re-ranking Model for Dependency Parser with Recursive Convolutional Neural Network	"Each RCNN unit can model the complicated interactions of the head word and its children. Combined with a specific task, RCNN can capture the most useful semantic and structure information by the convolution and pooling layers."	ACL	
A Re-ranking Model for Dependency Parser with Recursive Convolutional Neural Network	"When applied to the re-ranking model for parsing, RCNN improve the accuracy of base parser to make accurate parsing decisions. The experiments on two benchmark datasets show that RCNN outperforms the state-ofthe-art models."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Dependency Parsing Based on Distributed Representations	"We propose a novel and flexible cross-lingual learning framework for dependency parsing based on distributed representations, which can effectively incorporate both lexical and non-lexical features."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Dependency Parsing Based on Distributed Representations	"We present two novel and effective approaches for inducing cross-lingual word representations, that bridge the lexical feature gap in cross-lingual dependency parsing."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Dependency Parsing Based on Distributed Representations	"We show that cross-lingual word cluster features can be effectively embedded into our model, leading to significant additive improvements."	ACL	
Implicit Role Linking on Chinese Discourse: Exploiting Explicit Roles and Frame-to-Frame Relations	"We have created a null instantiation (NI) annotations corpus, consisting of 164 Chinese discourses across different fields"	ACL	
Implicit Role Linking on Chinese Discourse: Exploiting Explicit Roles and Frame-to-Frame Relations	We use frame-to-frame relations to find antecedents from those explicit semantic roles.	ACL	
Discourse-sensitive Automatic Identification of Generic Expressions	We create a new corpus of Wikipedia articles annotated with linguistically motivated genericity labels both on the subject- and clause-level (see Section 3).	ACL	
Discourse-sensitive Automatic Identification of Generic Expressions	"We present a discourse-sensitive genericity labeler. Technically, we use conditional random fields as a sequence labeling method (Section 4). We train and evaluate our method on the Wikipedia dataset and the ACE corpora, evaluating both the tasks of predicting NP genericity and the task of predicting clause-level genericity."	ACL	
Building a Semantic Parser Overnight	a new functionality-driven process and an exploration of some of its linguistic implications.	ACL	
Building a Semantic Parser Overnight	"We believe that our methodology is a promising way to build semantic parsers, and in future work, we would like to extend it to handle anaphora and nested quantification."	ACL	
Predicting Polarities of Tweets by Composing Word Embeddings with Long Short-Term Memory	"We have described long short-term memory based model to compose word representations through a flexible compositional function. Tested on a public dataset, the proposed architecture achieves result comparable to the current best data-driven model. The experiment on negation test set shows the ability of the model capturing sequential information."	ACL	
Predicting Polarities of Tweets by Composing Word Embeddings with Long Short-Term Memory	"Beyond tuning vectors of sentiment words, we put forward a perspective of distinguishing task-distinctive function words only relying on the label of the whole sequence"	ACL	
Predicting Polarities of Tweets by Composing Word Embeddings with Long Short-Term Memory	"We conduct an interesting case study on the process of task-distinctive word vectors working together with deep model, which is usually considered as a black-box in other neural networks, indicating the promising potential of the architecture simulating complex linguistic phenomena."	ACL	
Topic Modeling based Sentiment Analysis on Social Media for Stock Market Prediction	We propose a new feature “topic-sentiment” for the stock market prediction model.	ACL	
Topic Modeling based Sentiment Analysis on Social Media for Stock Market Prediction	"We propose a new topic model, Topic Sentiment Latent Dirichlet Allocation (TSLDA), which can capture the topic and sentiment simultaneously."	ACL	
Topic Modeling based Sentiment Analysis on Social Media for Stock Market Prediction	"Large scale evaluation. Most of the previous researches are limited on predicting for one stock (Bollen et al., 2011; Qian and Rasheed, 2007; Si et al., 2013), and the number of instances (transaction dates) in a test set is rather low such as 14 or 15 instances (Bollenet al., 2011; Vu et al., 2012)."	ACL	
Learning Tag Embeddings and Tag-specific Composition Functions in Recursive Neural Network	"We propose tag-guided composition functions in recursive neural network, TG-RNN. Tag-guided RNN allocates a composition function for a phrase according to the partof-speech tag of the phrase."	ACL	
Learning Tag Embeddings and Tag-specific Composition Functions in Recursive Neural Network	"We propose to learn embedding vectors for part-of-speech tags of words/phrases, and integrate the tag embeddings in RNN and RNTN respectively."	ACL	
Learning Tag Embeddings and Tag-specific Composition Functions in Recursive Neural Network	The proposed models are efficient and effective. The scale of the parameters is well controlled. Experimental results on the Stanford Sentiment Treebank corpus show the effectiveness of the models.	ACL	
A convex and feature-rich discriminative approach to dependency grammar induction	Our method is based on a feature-rich discriminative parser (section 3);	ACL	
A convex and feature-rich discriminative approach to dependency grammar induction	"Learning the parameters of our parser is achieved using a convex objective, and is thus not sensitive to initialization (section 4);"	ACL	
A convex and feature-rich discriminative approach to dependency grammar induction	Our method can produce non-projective dependency structures (section 3.2.2);	ACL	
A convex and feature-rich discriminative approach to dependency grammar induction	"We propose an efficient algorithm to optimize the objective, based on the Frank-Wolfe method (section 5)"	ACL	
A convex and feature-rich discriminative approach to dependency grammar induction	"We evaluate our approach on the universal treebanks dataset, showing that it is competitive with the state-of-the-art (section 6)."	ACL	
A Computationally Efficient Algorithm for Learning Topical Collocation Models	"a novel reformulation of the AG-colloc model,"	ACL	
A Computationally Efficient Algorithm for Learning Topical Collocation Models	an easily parallelisable and fast point-wise sampling algorithm exploiting sparsity	ACL	
A Computationally Efficient Algorithm for Learning Topical Collocation Models	systematic experiments with both qualitative and quantitative analysis	ACL	
Learning Semantic Word Embeddings based on Ordinal Knowledge Constraints	to represent semantic knowledge as a number of ordinal similarity inequalities as well as to formulate the entire learning process as a constrained optimization problem.	ACL	
Adding Semantics to Data-Driven Paraphrasing	"We add a concrete, interpretable semantics to the Paraphrase Database (PPDB) (Ganitkevitch et al., 2013), the largest paraphrase resource currently available. We give each entry in the database a label describing the entailment relationship between the phrases."	ACL	
Adding Semantics to Data-Driven Paraphrasing	We develop a statistical model to predict these relations. The enormous size of PPDB– over 77 million phrase pairs!– makes it impossible to perform this task manually. Our wide range of monolingual and bilingual features results in high intrinsic accuracy.	ACL	
Adding Semantics to Data-Driven Paraphrasing	"We demonstrate improvements to a proofbased RTE system, showing that our automatic labels increase the number of proofs that it is able to find by 17%, while maintaining the same accuracy as when using goldstandard, manual labels."	ACL	
Optimal Shift-Reduce Constituent Parsing with Structured Perceptron	"demonstrate the effectiveness and the practicality of optimal search for shift-reduce parsing, especially when combined with appropriate features and efficient search."	ACL	
Neural Responding Machine for Short-Text Conversation	we propose to use an encoder-decoder-based neural network to generate a response in STC;	ACL	
Neural Responding Machine for Short-Text Conversation	"we have empirically verified that the proposed method, when trained with a reasonable amount of data, can yield performance better than traditional retrieval-based and translation-based methods."	ACL	
Abstractive Multi-Document Summarization via Phrase Selection and Merging∗	"We extract NPs/VPs from constituency trees to represent key concepts/facts, and merge them to construct new sentences, which allows more summary content units (SCUs) (Nenkova and Passonneau, 2004) to be included in a sentence by breaking the original sentence boundaries."	ACL	
Abstractive Multi-Document Summarization via Phrase Selection and Merging∗	The designed optimization framework for addressing the problem is unique and effective. Our optimization algorithm simultaneously selects and merges a set of phrases that maximize the number of covered SCUs in a summary	ACL	
Joint Graphical Models for Date Selection in Timeline Summarization	we leverage interaction between dates via date reference graphs as a basis for date selection in TLS	ACL	
Joint Graphical Models for Date Selection in Timeline Summarization	we provide a novel random walk model on this graph that incorporates both topical importance of referring sentences as well as frequency and temporal distance of references. We propose both unsupervised as well as supervised versions of this model.	ACL	
A Frame of Mind: Using Statistical Models for Detection of Framing and Agenda Setting Campaigns	To the best of our knowledge this is the first work to analyze framing strategies on large scale in an unsupervised manner	ACL	
A Frame of Mind: Using Statistical Models for Detection of Framing and Agenda Setting Campaigns	we combine topic models with regression analysis in recovering longitudinal trends.	ACL	
A Frame of Mind: Using Statistical Models for Detection of Framing and Agenda Setting Campaigns	"We further provide evidence for the dynamics of framing campaigns, commonly known as ‘political spin"	ACL	
A Frame of Mind: Using Statistical Models for Detection of Framing and Agenda Setting Campaigns	we show how this framework can shed new light on the broad scholarship on the divergence of party discipline.	ACL	
Who caught a cold? — Identifying the subject of a symptom	"In order to explore a novel and general task setting, we design an annotation guideline for labeling a subject of a disease/symptom in a tweet, and we deliver annotations in an existing corpus for public surveillance. Further, we propose a method for predicting the subject of a disease/symptom by using the annotated corpus."	ACL	
Who caught a cold? — Identifying the subject of a symptom	"The experimental results show that the task of identifying subjects is independent of the type of diseases/symptom. We verify the possibility of transferring supervision data to different targets of diseases and symptoms. In other words, we verify that it is possible to utilize the supervision data for a particular disease/symptom to improve the accuracy of predicting subjects of another disease/symptom."	ACL	
Who caught a cold? — Identifying the subject of a symptom	"In addition, the experimental results demonstrate the impact of identifying subjects on improving the accuracy of the downstream application (identification of an episode of a disease/symptom)."	ACL	
SOLAR: Scalable Online Learning Algorithms for Ranking	"we present a new framework of Scalable Online Learning Algorithms for Ranking, which tackles the pairwise learning to ranking problem via a scalable online learning approach"	ACL	
SOLAR: Scalable Online Learning Algorithms for Ranking	we present two SOLAR algorithms: a first-order learning algorithm (SOLAR-I) and a second-order learning algorithm (SOLAR-II);	ACL	
SOLAR: Scalable Online Learning Algorithms for Ranking	we analyze the theoretical bounds of the proposed algorithms in terms of standard IR performance measures;	ACL	
SOLAR: Scalable Online Learning Algorithms for Ranking	we examine the efficacy of the proposed algorithms by an extensive set of empirical studies on benchmark datasets.	ACL	
Inverted indexing for cross-lingual NLP	"We present a novel approach to cross-lingual word representations with several advantages over existing methods: (a) It does not require training neural networks, (b) it does not rely on the availability of parallel data between source and target language, and (c) it enables multi-source transfer with lexical representations"	ACL	
Inverted indexing for cross-lingual NLP	"We present an evaluation of our inter-lingual word representations, based on inverted indexing, across four tasks: document classification, POS tagging, dependency parsing, and word alignment, comparing our representations to two state-of-the-art neural net word embeddings"	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning for Multiple Language Translation	we propose a unified machine learning framework to explore the problem of translating one source language into multiple target languages.	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning for Multiple Language Translation	"given large-scale training corpora for different language pairs, we show that our framework can improve translation quality on each target language as compared with the neural translation model trained on a single language pair."	ACL	
Multi-Task Learning for Multiple Language Translation	"our framework is able to alleviate the data scarcity problem, using language pairs with large-scale parallel training corpora to improve the translation quality of those with few parallel training corpus."	ACL	
Accurate Linear-Time Chinese Word Segmentation via Embedding Matching	A novel embedding matching model for Chinese word segmentation.	ACL	
Accurate Linear-Time Chinese Word Segmentation via Embedding Matching	"Developing a greedy word segmenter, which is based on the matching model and achieves competitive results."	ACL	
Accurate Linear-Time Chinese Word Segmentation via Embedding Matching	"Introducing the idea of character-specific segmentation action embeddings as both feature and output, which are cornerstones of the model and the segmenter."	ACL	
Gated Recursive Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	We propose a novel GRNN architecture to model the complicated combinations of the context characters. GRNN can select and preserve the useful combinations via reset and update gates.	ACL	
Gated Recursive Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	"We evaluate the performance of Chinese word segmentation on PKU, MSRA and CTB6 benchmark datasets which are commonly used for evaluation of Chinese word segmentation."	ACL	
Tracking unbounded Topic Streams	"For the first time we show how it is possible to track an unbounded stream of topics in constant time and space, while maintaining a level of effectiveness that is statistically indistinguishable from an exact tracking system"	ACL	
Tracking unbounded Topic Streams	We show how single-pass clustering can outperform locality sensitive hashing in terms of effectiveness and efficiency for identifying nearest neighbours in a stream	ACL	
Tracking unbounded Topic Streams	We demonstrate that standard measures of similarity are sub-optimal when matching short documents against long documents	ACL	
Coupled Sequence Labeling on Heterogeneous Annotations: POS Tagging as a Case Study	"We propose a coupled model which can more effectively make use of multiple resources with heterogeneous annotations, compared with both the baseline and guide-feature based method.Experiments show our approach can significantly improve POS tagging accuracy from 94.10% to 95.00% on CTB"	ACL	
Coupled Sequence Labeling on Heterogeneous Annotations: POS Tagging as a Case Study	"We have manually annotated CTB tags for 1, 000 PD sentences, which is the first dataset with two-side annotations and can be used for annotation-conversion evaluation. Experiments on the newly annotated data show that our coupled model also works effectively on the annotation conversion task, improving conversion accuracy from 90.59% to 93.90% (+3.31%)."	ACL	
AutoExtend: Extending Word Embeddings to Embeddings for Synsets and Lexeme	"We present AutoExtend, a flexible method that extends word embeddings to embeddings of synsets and lexemes."	ACL	
AutoExtend: Extending Word Embeddings to Embeddings for Synsets and Lexeme	We show that AutoExtend achieves state-of-the-art word similarity and word sense disambiguation (WSD) performance.	ACL	
AutoExtend: Extending Word Embeddings to Embeddings for Synsets and Lexeme	"We publish the AutoExtend code for extending word embeddings to other data types, the lexeme and synset embeddings and the software to replicate our WSD evaluation."	ACL	
A Framework for the Construction of Monolingual and Cross-lingual Word Similarity Datasets	"we construct Spanish and Farsi versions of the standard RG-65 dataset scored by twelve annotators with high inter-annotator agreements of 0.83 and 0.88, respectively, in terms of Pearson correlation"	ACL	
A Framework for the Construction of Monolingual and Cross-lingual Word Similarity Datasets	"we create fifteen cross-lingual word similarity datasets based on RG-65, covering six languages, by proposing an improved version of the approach of Kennedy and Hirst (2012) for the automatic construction of cross-lingual datasets from aligned monolingual datasets."	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	We compare the use of discrete detections and continuous valued CNN activations as the conditioning information for language models trained to generate image captions.	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	We show that a simple k-nearest neighbor retrieval method performs at near state-of-theart for this task and dataset.	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	"We demonstrate that a state-of-the-art MRNN-based approach tends to reconstruct previously seen captions; in contrast, the two stage ME LM approach achieves similar or better performance while generating relatively novel captions."	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	We advance the state-of-the-art BLEU scores on the COCO dataset.	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	We present human evaluation results on the systems with the best performance as measured by automatic metrics.	ACL	
Language Models for Image Captioning: The Quirks and What Works	"We explore several issues with the statistical models and the underlying COCO dataset, including linguistic irregularities, caption repetition, and data set overlap."	ACL	
Recurrent Neural Network based Rule Sequence Model for Statistical Machine Translation	"we lift the Markov assumption in rule sequence model and use RNN to capture arbitrarylength of contextual information, which is proven to be more accurate in estimating sequential probabilities (Mikolov et al., 2010)."	ACL	
Recurrent Neural Network based Rule Sequence Model for Statistical Machine Translation	"to alleviate the sparsity of translation rules, we extend our model to factorized RNN-RSM, which incorporates both the source and target side phrase embedding in addition to the translation rule history."	ACL	
Recurrent Neural Network based Rule Sequence Model for Statistical Machine Translation	"we apply our model to both phrasebased and hierarchical phrase-based (HPB) systems and achieve an average improvement of 0.9 BLEU points with much slimmer translation models in hypergraph reranking task (Huang, 2008)."	ACL	
Discriminative Preordering Meets Kendall’s τ Maximization	We define a method for obtaining oracle labels in discriminative preordering as the maximization of Kendall’s τ .	ACL	
Discriminative Preordering Meets Kendall’s τ Maximization	We give a theoretical background to Kendall’s τ based reordering for binary constituent trees.	ACL	
Discriminative Preordering Meets Kendall’s τ Maximization	We achieve state-of-the-art accuracy in Japanese-to-English translation with a simple method without language-specific heuristics.	ACL	
Exploring the Planet of the APEs: a Comparative Study of State-of-the-art Methods for MT Automatic Post-Editing	"The data available (the same English sentences, machine-translated in six languages and post-edited by professional translators) allowed us to compare for the first time different approaches in a fair setting"	ACL	
Exploring the Planet of the APEs: a Comparative Study of State-of-the-art Methods for MT Automatic Post-Editing	The two methods we analysed allowed us to measure consistent improvements on all language pairs (TER reductions from 7.3% to 14.7%)	ACL	
Exploring the Planet of the APEs: a Comparative Study of State-of-the-art Methods for MT Automatic Post-Editing	"to observe interesting relations between the extent of the gain and the original MT output quality (the higher the quality, the higher the gain yield by APE)"	ACL	
Exploring the Planet of the APEs: a Comparative Study of State-of-the-art Methods for MT Automatic Post-Editing	"A promising direction to explore is the possible complementarity between the two methods and the room for mutual improvement.we just have a glimpse of the path (higher oracle results, slight gains with a first combination method"	ACL	
A Hassle-Free Unsupervised Domain Adaptation Method Using Instance Similarity Features	"a simple, effective and theoretically justifiable unsupervised domain adaptation method for NLP problems."	ACL	
If all you have is a bit of the Bible: Learning POS taggers for truly low-resource languages	"We present a novel approach to learning POS taggers for truly low-resource languages, where only a translation of (parts of) the Bible is available."	ACL	
If all you have is a bit of the Bible: Learning POS taggers for truly low-resource languages	"We obtain results competitive with approaches that assume the availability of larger volumes of more representative parallel corpora, perfectly tokenized monolingual corpora, and/or tag dictionaries for the target languages."	ACL	
If all you have is a bit of the Bible: Learning POS taggers for truly low-resource languages	"we make the POS tagging models for 100 languages publicly available and extend the mappings in Petrov et al. (2011) for six new languages (Hindi, Croatian, Icelandic, Norwegian, Persian, and Serbian)."	ACL	
Sieve-Based Entity Linking for the Biomedical Domain	we propose a simpler and more modular approach to normalization than existing approaches: a multipass sieve approach.	ACL	
Sieve-Based Entity Linking for the Biomedical Domain	"our system achieves state-of-the-art results on datasets from two genres, clinical reports and biomedical abstracts. To our knowledge, we are the first to present normalization results on two genres."	ACL	
Sieve-Based Entity Linking for the Biomedical Domain	"to facilitate comparison with future work on this task, we release the source code of our system"	ACL	
The Users Who Say ‘Ni’: Audience Identification in Chinese-language Restaurant Reviews	"we propose that in certain contexts (such as reviews),referentiality resolution can be interpreted in part as a text classification task."	ACL	
Co-Simmate: Quick Retrieving All Pairwise Co-Simrank Scores	"we propose an efficient method, Co-Simmate, that computes all pairs of Co-Simranks in just O(log2 (log(1/ǫ))n 3 ) time, without any compromise in accuracy."	ACL	
Co-Simmate: Quick Retrieving All Pairwise Co-Simrank Scores	"Co-Simmate is parameter-free, and easy to implement. It can also integrate the best-of-breed matrix decomposition based method by Yu and McCann (2014) to achieve even higher efficiency."	ACL	
Learning to Mine Query Subtopics from Query Log	we learn a similarity measure by explicitly modeling the dependencies among queries in the same subtopic.	ACL	
Learning to Mine Query Subtopics from Query Log	we analyze the performance of the proposed approach with different dependencies among queries.	ACL	
Learning to Mine Query Subtopics from Query Log	we conduct experiments on real-world data and the experimental results confirm the effectiveness of the proposed approach in mining query subtopics.	ACL	
Semantic Clustering and Convolutional Neural Network for Short Text Categorization	semantic cliques are discovered using fast clustering method based on searching density peaks	ACL	
Semantic Clustering and Convolutional Neural Network for Short Text Categorization	"for fine-tuning multiscale SUs, the semantic cliques are used to supervise the selection stage."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Transfer of Named Entity Recognizers without Parallel Corpora	"We show that direct transfer approach for multilingual NER actually works and performs better than the strong MT baseline (Shah et al., 2010), where the system’s output in the source language is simply machine translated into the target language."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Transfer of Named Entity Recognizers without Parallel Corpora	"We explore various non-lexical features, namely, Universal POS tags and Brown cluster mapping, which are deemed effective for multilingual NER transfer"	ACL	
Cross-lingual Transfer of Named Entity Recognizers without Parallel Corpora	"We show that gazetteers can actually be generated only from the source language gazetteers and a comparable corpus, through a technique which we call gazetteer expansion based on semi-supervised graph propagation (Zhu et al., 2003)."	ACL	
FrameNet+: Fast Paraphrastic Tripling of FrameNet	"we release FrameNet+, a huge, manually-vetted extension to the current FrameNet. FrameNet+ provides over 22,000 new frame/LU mappings in a format that can be readily incorporated into existing systems.We demonstrate that the expanded resource provides a 40% improvement in lexical coverage in a practical setting."	ACL	
Non-distributional Word Vector Representations	"a new technique that constructs task-independent word vector representations using linguistic knowledge derived from pre-constructed linguistic resources like WordNet (Miller, 1995), FrameNet (Baker et al., 1998), Penn Treebank (Marcus et al., 1993) etc."	ACL	
Tagging Performance Correlates with Author Age	show that age bias leads to significant performance differences in off-theshelf POS taggers for English and German.	ACL	
Tagging Performance Correlates with Author Age	"We also analyze the relevant linguistic differences between the age groups, and show that they are not solely lexical, but instead extend to the grammatical level."	ACL	
Tagging Performance Correlates with Author Age	"we also present several new evaluation datasets for English and German that allow us to control for age, gender, and location."	ACL	
Unsupervised Decomposition of a Multi-Author Document Based on Naive-Bayesian Model	A procedure for segment elicitation is developed and it is applied in the clustering assignment process. It is for the first time to develop such a procedure relying upon the differences in the posterior probabilities.	ACL	
Unsupervised Decomposition of a Multi-Author Document Based on Naive-Bayesian Model	A probability indication procedure is developed to improve the accuracy of sentence classification. It selects the significant and trusted sentences from a document and involves them to reclassify all sentences in the document.	ACL	
Unsupervised Decomposition of a Multi-Author Document Based on Naive-Bayesian Model	Our proposed method is not restricted to any type of documents. It is still workable even when the topics in a document are not detectable.	ACL	
Point Process Modelling of Rumour Dynamics in Social Media	"Introduces the problem of modelling rumour frequency profiles, and presents a method based on a log-Gaussian Cox process;"	ACL	
Point Process Modelling of Rumour Dynamics in Social Media	Incorporates multi-task learning to generalize across disparate rumours; and 3. Demonstrates how incorporating text into multi-task learning improves results.	ACL	
Context-Dependent Translation Selection Using Convolutional Neural Network	we introduce a novel CDCM model to capture context-dependent semantic similarities between phrase pairs (Section 2);	ACL	
Context-Dependent Translation Selection Using Convolutional Neural Network	we develop a novel learning algorithm to train the CDCM model using a curriculum learning strategy (Section 3).	ACL	
Context-Dependent Translation Selection Using Convolutional Neural Network	we introduce a novel CDCM model to capture context-dependent semantic similarities between phrase pairs (Section 2);	ACL	
Context-Dependent Translation Selection Using Convolutional Neural Network	we develop a novel learning algorithm to train the CDCM model using a curriculum learning strategy (Section 3).	ACL	
Radical Embedding: Delving Deeper to Chinese Radicals	"we propose a new deep learning technique, called “radical embedding”, for Chinese language processing with proper justifications based on Chinese linguistics;"	ACL	
Radical Embedding: Delving Deeper to Chinese Radicals	"we validate the feasibility and utility of radical embedding through a set of three experiments, which include not only two in-house standard experiments on short-text categorization (STC) and Chinese word segmentation (CWS), but an in-field experiment on search ranking as well;"	ACL	
Radical Embedding: Delving Deeper to Chinese Radicals	this initial success of radical embedding could shed some light on new approaches to better language processing for Chinese and other languages alike	ACL	
A Hierarchical Knowledge Representation for Expert Finding on Social Media	to integrate the hierarchical tree representation and structure matching together to profile users’ and do mains’ knowledge	ACL	
"Tackling Sparsity, the Achilles Heel of Social Networks: Language Model Smoothing via Social Regularization"	"We have proposed a balanced language model smoothing framework with optimization, using text information with social structure as a regularizer;"	ACL	
"Tackling Sparsity, the Achilles Heel of Social Networks: Language Model Smoothing via Social Regularization"	We have investigated an effective and efficient strategy to model the social information among social network users.	ACL	
Twitter User Geolocation Using a Unified Text and Network Prediction Model	"we propose the use of Modified Adsorption (Talukdar and Crammer, 2009) as a baseline network-based geolocation model, and show that it outperforms previous network-based approaches (Jurgens, 2013; Rahimi et al., 2015)"	ACL	
Twitter User Geolocation Using a Unified Text and Network Prediction Model	we demonstrate that removing “celebrity” nodes (nodes with high in-degrees) from the network increases geolocation accuracy and dramatically decreases network edge size	ACL	
Twitter User Geolocation Using a Unified Text and Network Prediction Model	"we integrate text-based geolocation priors into Modified Adsorption, and show that our unified geolocation model outperforms both text-only and network only approaches, and achieves state-of-the-art results over three standard datasets."	ACL	
Automatic Keyword Extraction on Twitter	"Provide a annotated keyword annotated dataset consisting of 1827 tweets. These tweets are obtained from (Gimpel et al., 2011), and also contain POS annotations."	ACL	
Automatic Keyword Extraction on Twitter	"Improve a state-of-the-art keyword extraction system (Marujo et al., 2011b; Marujo et al., 2013) for this domain by learning additional features in an unsupervised fashion."	ACL	
Towards a Contextual Pragmatic Model to Detect Irony in Tweets	"the proposed model does not rely only on the lexical clues of a tweet, but also on its pragmatic context. Our intuition is that a tweet containing an asserted fact of the form Not(P1) is ironic if and only if one can prove P1 on the basis of some external information."	ACL	
Bilingual Word Embeddings from Non-Parallel Document-Aligned Data Applied to Bilingual Lexicon Induction	We present the first model that is able to induce bilingual word embeddings from non-parallel data without any other readily available translation resources such as pre-given bilingual lexicons	ACL	
Bilingual Word Embeddings from Non-Parallel Document-Aligned Data Applied to Bilingual Lexicon Induction	"We demonstrate the utility of BWEs induced by this simple yet effective model in the BLI task from comparable Wikipedia data on benchmarking datasets for three language pairs (Vulic and Moens, 2013b)."	ACL	
Lifelong Learning for Sentiment Classification	"It proposes a novel lifelong learning approach to sentiment classification, called lifelong sentiment classification (LSC)."	ACL	
Lifelong Learning for Sentiment Classification	It proposes an optimization method that uses penalty terms to embed the knowledge gained in the past and to deal with domain dependent sentiment words to build a better classifier.	ACL	
Lifelong Learning for Sentiment Classification	It creates a large corpus containing reviews from 20 diverse product domains for extensive evaluation. The experimental results demonstrate the superiority of the proposed method	ACL	
Harnessing Context Incongruity for Sarcasm Detection	"We present a sarcasm detection system that is grounded on a linguistic theory, the theory of context incongruity in our case. Sarcasm detection research can push the frontiers by taking help of well-studied linguistic theories."	ACL	
Harnessing Context Incongruity for Sarcasm Detection	"Our sarcasm detection system outperforms two state-of-art sarcasm detection systems (Riloff et al., 2013; Maynard and Greenwood, 2014)."	ACL	
Harnessing Context Incongruity for Sarcasm Detection	"We introduce inter-sentential incongruity for sarcasm detection, that expands context of a discussion forum post by including the previous post (also known as the ‘elicitor’ post) in the discussion thread."	ACL	
Model Adaptation for Personalized Opinion Analysis	we enable efficient personalization of opinion analysis via a transfer learning approach	ACL	
Model Adaptation for Personalized Opinion Analysis	the proposed solution is general and applicable to any linear model for user opinion analysis.	ACL	
Aspect-Level Cross-lingual Sentiment Classification with Constrained SMT	an extended definition of CLSA including use cases and settings specific to aspect-level analyses (Section 2);	ACL	
Aspect-Level Cross-lingual Sentiment Classification with Constrained SMT	a method to perform the language transfer preserving the opinionated unit boundaries. This avoids the need of mapping source and target opinionated units after the language transfer via methods such as word alignment (Section 4);	ACL	
Dialogue Management based on Sentence Clustering	Semantic representation of sentence in dialogue is defined as sentence cluster which could represent more nuanced semantic information than DA. Sentence similarity for clustering is calculated via internal information such as words and sentence structures and external information such as the distributed representation of sentence (vector) from Recurrent Neural Networks (RNN).	ACL	
Dialogue Management based on Sentence Clustering	"The DM problem is modeled as a POMDP, where state is defined as sequence of sentence clusters, reward is defined as slot-filling efficiency and sentence popularity, and state transition probability is calculated by the prediction model based on RNN, considering historical dialogue information sufficiently."	ACL	
Labeled Grammar Induction with Minimal Supervision	"to show that we can replace the gold POS tags used by Bisk and Hockenmaier (2013) with automatically induced word clusters, and then use very minimal supervision to identify noun and verb clusters."	ACL	
On the Importance of Ezafe Construction in Persian Parsing	"showing the usefulness of Ezafe construction on dependency parsing and chunking,"	ACL	
On the Importance of Ezafe Construction in Persian Parsing	"developing a statistical chunker for the Persian language,"	ACL	
On the Importance of Ezafe Construction in Persian Parsing	enriching the Persian treebank with manual Ezafe tags.	ACL	
Simple Negation Scope Resolution through Deep Parsing: A Semantic Solution to a Semantic Problem	"Theoretically, we correlate the structures at play in the Morante and Daelemans (2012) view on negation with formal semantic analyses;"	ACL	
Simple Negation Scope Resolution through Deep Parsing: A Semantic Solution to a Semantic Problem	"methodologically, we demonstrate how to approach the task in terms of underspecified, logical-form semantics;"	ACL	
Simple Negation Scope Resolution through Deep Parsing: A Semantic Solution to a Semantic Problem	"practically, our combined system retroactively ‘wins’ the 2012 *SEM Shared Task."	ACL	
Logical Inference on Dependency-based Compositional Semantics	"the abstract denotation of DCS trees, can thus be considered as an attempt to characterize a fragment of FOL that is suited for both natural language inference and transparent syntaxsemantics mapping, through the choice of operations and relations on sets"	ACL	
Learning Topic Representation for SMT with Neural Networks∗	"We proposed a more general approach to leveraging topic information for SMT by us- ing IR methods to get a collection of related documents, regardless of whether or not doc- ument boundaries are explicitly given."	ACL	
Learning Topic Representation for SMT with Neural Networks∗	"We used neural networks to learn topic repre- sentations more accurately, with more practi- cable and scalable modeling techniques."	ACL	
Learning Topic Representation for SMT with Neural Networks∗	"We directly optimized bilingual topic simi- larity in the deep learning framework with the help of sentence-level parallel data, so that the learned representation could be easily used in SMT decoding procedure."	ACL	
Unsupervised Solution Post Identification from Discussion Forums	"propose an unsupervised method for solution identification. The cornerstone of our technique is the usage of a hitherto unexplored textual feature, lexical correlations between problems and solutions, that is exploited along with language model based characterization of solution posts."	ACL	
Unsupervised Solution Post Identification from Discussion Forums	We model the lexical correlation and solution post character using regularized translation models and unigram language models respectively.	ACL	
Unsupervised Solution Post Identification from Discussion Forums	"we show that by using post position as the only non-textual feature, we are able to achieve accuracies comparable to supervision-based approaches that use many structural features (Catherine et al., 2013)."	ACL	
Weakly Supervised User Profile Extraction from Twitter	We cast user profile prediction as an information extraction task.	ACL	
Weakly Supervised User Profile Extraction from Twitter	We present a large-scale dataset for this task gathered from various structured and unstructured social media sources.	ACL	
Weakly Supervised User Profile Extraction from Twitter	We demonstrate the benefit of jointly reasoning about users’ social network structure when extracting their profiles from text.	ACL	
Weakly Supervised User Profile Extraction from Twitter	"We experimentally demonstrate the effectiveness of our approach on 3 relations: SPOUSE, JOB and EDUCATION."	ACL	
Inferring User Political Preferences from Streaming Communications	develop low-resource and real-time dynamic approaches for personal analytics using as an example the prediction of political preference of Twitter users;	ACL	
Inferring User Political Preferences from Streaming Communications	examine the relative utility of six different notions of “similarity” between users in an implicit Twitter social network for personal analytics	ACL	
Inferring User Political Preferences from Streaming Communications	"experiments are performed across multiple datasets supporting the prediction of political preference in Twitter, to highlight the significant differences in performance that arise from the underlying collection and annotation strategies."	ACL	
Shift-Reduce CCG Parsing with a Dependency Model	"a novel technique for training the parser using a dependency oracle, in which all derivations are hidden. A challenge arises from the potentially exponential number of derivations leading to a gold-standard dependency structure, which the oracle needs to keep track of"	ACL	
"Less Grammar, More Features"	"to show that there is an alternative to such annotation schemes: namely, conditioning on the input and firing features based on anchored spans."	ACL	
"Less Grammar, More Features"	We build up a small set of feature templates as part of a discriminative constituency parser and outperform the Berkeley parser on a wide range of languages.	ACL	
"Less Grammar, More Features"	we show that our parser is adaptable to other tree-structured tasks such as sentiment analysis; we outperform the recent system of Socher et al. (2013) and obtain state of the art performance on their dataset	ACL	
Metaphor Detection with Cross-Lingual Model Transfer	"we develop a new state-of-the-art English metaphor detection system that uses conceptual semantic features, such as a degree of abstractness and semantic supersenses"	ACL	
Metaphor Detection with Cross-Lingual Model Transfer	we create new metaphor-annotated corpora for Russian and English	ACL	
Metaphor Detection with Cross-Lingual Model Transfer	"using a paradigm of model transfer (McDonald et al., 2011; Tackstr ¨ om et al., 2013; ¨ Kozhenikov and Titov, 2013), we provide support for the hypothesis that metaphors are conceptual (rather than lexical) in nature by showing that our English-trained model can detect metaphors in Spanish, Farsi, and Russian."	ACL	
Max-Margin Tensor Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	We propose a Max-Margin Tensor Neural Network for Chinese word segmentation without feature engineering. The test results on the benchmark dataset show that our model outperforms previous neural network models.	ACL	
Max-Margin Tensor Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	We propose a new tensor factorization approach that models each tensor slice as the product of two low-rank matrices. Not only does this approach improve the efficiency of our model but also it avoids the risk of overfitting.	ACL	
Max-Margin Tensor Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	"Compared with previous works that use a large number of handcrafted features, our model can achieve a competitive performance with minimal feature engineering."	ACL	
Max-Margin Tensor Neural Network for Chinese Word Segmentation	"Despite Chinese word segmentation being a specific case, our approach can be easily generalized to other sequence labeling tasks."	ACL	
Product Feature Mining: Semantic Clues versus Syntactic Constituents	"It uses semantics of words to encode contextual clues, which exploits deeper level information than syntactic constituents. As a result, it mines product features more accurately than syntaxbased methods."	ACL	
Product Feature Mining: Semantic Clues versus Syntactic Constituents	"It exploits semantic similarity between words to capture lexical clues, which is shown to be more effective than co-occurrence relation between words and syntactic patterns. In addition, experiments show that the semantic similarity has the advantage of mining infrequent product features, which is crucial for this task."	ACL	
Product Feature Mining: Semantic Clues versus Syntactic Constituents	We compare the proposed semantics-based approach with three state-of-the-art syntax-based methods. Experiments show that our method achieves significantly better results.	ACL	
Aspect Extraction with Automated Prior Knowledge Learning	It proposes to exploit the big data to learn prior knowledge and leverage the knowledge in topic models to extract more coherent aspects. The process is fully automatic.	ACL	
Aspect Extraction with Automated Prior Knowledge Learning	It proposes an effective method to learn quality knowledge from raw topics produced using review corpora from many different domains.	ACL	
Aspect Extraction with Automated Prior Knowledge Learning	"It proposes a new inference mechanism for topic modeling, which can handle incorrect knowledge in aspect extraction"	ACL	
Collective Tweet Wikification based on Semi-supervised Graph Regularization	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first effort to explore graph-based semi-supervised learning algorithms for the wikification task."	ACL	
Collective Tweet Wikification based on Semi-supervised Graph Regularization	We propose a novel semi-supervised graph regularization model performing collective inference for joint mention detection and disambiguation. Our approach takes advantage of three proposed principles to incorporate both local and global evidence from multiple tweets.	ACL	
Collective Tweet Wikification based on Semi-supervised Graph Regularization	We propose a meta path-based unified framework to detect both explicitly and implicitly relevant mentions	ACL	
Incremental Joint Extraction of Entity Mentions and Relations	This is the first work to incrementally predict entity mentions and relations using a single joint model (Section 3).	ACL	
Incremental Joint Extraction of Entity Mentions and Relations	Predicting mention boundaries in the joint framework raises the challenge of synchronizing different assignments in the same beam. We solve this problem by detecting entity mentions on segment-level instead of traditional tokenbased approaches (Section 3.1.1).	ACL	
Incremental Joint Extraction of Entity Mentions and Relations	We design a set of novel global features based on soft constraints over the entire output graph structure with low cost (Section 4).	ACL	
Ambiguity-aware Ensemble Training for Semi-supervised Dependency Parsing	"We propose a generalized ambiguity-aware ensemble training framework for semisupervised dependency parsing, which can make better use of unlabeled data, especially when parsers from different views produce divergent syntactic structures."	ACL	
Ambiguity-aware Ensemble Training for Semi-supervised Dependency Parsing	We first employ a generative constituent parser for semi-supervised dependency parsing. Experiments show that the constituent parser is very helpful since it produces more divergent structures for our semi-supervised parser than discriminative dependency parsers.	ACL	
Ambiguity-aware Ensemble Training for Semi-supervised Dependency Parsing	"We build the first state-of-the-art CRF-based dependency parser. Using the probabilistic parser, we benchmark and conduct systematic comparisons among ours and all previous bootstrapping methods, including self/co/tritraining."	ACL	
Single-Agent vs. Multi-Agent Techniques for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning of Negotiation Dialogue Policies	"we propose concurrent learning using multi-agent RL as a way to deal with some of the issues of current approaches to dialogue policy learning (i.e., the need for SUs and corpora), which may also potentially prove useful for learning via live interaction with human users"	ACL	
Single-Agent vs. Multi-Agent Techniques for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning of Negotiation Dialogue Policies	"we show that concurrent learning can address changes in user behavior over time, and requires multi-agent RL techniques and variable exploration rates."	ACL	
Single-Agent vs. Multi-Agent Techniques for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning of Negotiation Dialogue Policies	to our knowledge this is the first time that PHC and PHCWoLF are used for learning dialogue policies;	ACL	
Single-Agent vs. Multi-Agent Techniques for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning of Negotiation Dialogue Policies	"for the first time, the above techniques are applied to a negotiation domain"	ACL	
Single-Agent vs. Multi-Agent Techniques for Concurrent Reinforcement Learning of Negotiation Dialogue Policies	"this is the first study that compares Q-learning, PHC, and PHCWoLF in such a variety of situations (varying a large number of parameters)."	ACL	
A Linear-Time Bottom-Up Discourse Parser with Constraints and Post-Editing	"with a greedy bottom-up strategy, we develop a discourse parser with a time complexity linear in the total number of sentences in the document. As a result of successfully avoiding the expensive nongreedy parsing algorithms, our discourse parser is very efficient in practice"	ACL	
A Linear-Time Bottom-Up Discourse Parser with Constraints and Post-Editing	"by using two linear-chain CRFs to label a sequence of discourse constituents, we can incorporate contextual information in a more natural way, compared to using traditional discriminative classifiers, such as SVMs. Specifically, in the Viterbi decoding of the first CRF, we include additional constraints elicited from common sense, to make more effective local decisions."	ACL	
A Linear-Time Bottom-Up Discourse Parser with Constraints and Post-Editing	"after a discourse (sub)tree is fully built from bottom up, we perform a novel post-editing process by considering information from the constituents on upper levels. We show that this post-editing can further improve the overall parsing performance."	ACL	
Omni-word Feature and Soft Constraint for Chinese Relation Extraction	"Propose a novel Omni-word feature for Chinese relation extraction. Unlike the traditional segmentation based method, which is a partition of the sentence, the Omni-word feature uses every potential word in a sentence as lexicon feature."	ACL	
Omni-word Feature and Soft Constraint for Chinese Relation Extraction	"Aiming at the Chinese inattentive structure, we utilize the soft constraint to capture the local dependency in a relation instance. Four constraint conditions are proposed to generate combined features to capture the local dependency and maximize the classification determination"	ACL	
Learning to Predict Distributions of Words Across Domains	"Given the distribution wS of a word w in a source domain S, we propose a method for learning its distribution wT in a target domain T"	ACL	
Learning to Predict Distributions of Words Across Domains	"Using the learnt distribution prediction model, we propose a method to learn a crossdomain POS tagger"	ACL	
Learning to Predict Distributions of Words Across Domains	"Using the learnt distribution prediction model, we propose a method to learn a crossdomain sentiment classifier"	ACL	
Vector space semantics with frequency-driven motifs	"We present a framework for extending distributional semantics to learn semantic representations of both words and phrases in terms of recurrent motifs, rather than arbitrary word tokens"	ACL	
Vector space semantics with frequency-driven motifs	"We present a simple model to segment a sentence into such motifs using a feature-set drawing from frequency statistics, information theory, linguistic theories and shallow syntactic analysis"	ACL	
Vector space semantics with frequency-driven motifs	Word and phrasal representations learnt through the approach outperform conventional DSM representations on empirical tasks	ACL	
Learning Continuous Phrase Representations for Translation Modeling	"we develop a novel phrase translation model for SMT, where joint representations are exploited of a phrase in the source language and of its translation in the target language, and where the translation score of the pair of source-target phrases are represented as the distance between their feature vectors in a low-dimensional, continuous space."	ACL	
Learning Continuous Phrase Representations for Translation Modeling	"we present a new learning method to train the weights in the multilayer neural network for the end-to-end BLEU metric directly. The training method is based on L-BFGS. We describe in detail how the gradient in closed form, as required for efficient optimization, is derived."	ACL	
Adaptive Quality Estimation for Machine Translation	a framework in which QE models can be trained and can continuously evolve over time accounting for knowledge acquired from post editors’ work.	ACL	
Adaptive Quality Estimation for Machine Translation	"to spark further research on this facet of the QE problem, our adaptive QE infrastructure (integrating all the components and the algorithms described in this paper) has been released as open source. I"	ACL	
Medical Relation Extraction with Manifold Models	"The problem setup is new. There is a “fundamental” difference between our problem setup and the conventional setups, like i2b2 (Uzuner et al., 2011). In i2b2 relation extraction task, entity mentions are manually labeled, and each mention has 1 of 3 concepts: ‘treatment’, ‘problem’, and ‘test’. To resemble real-world medical relation extraction challenges where perfect entity mentions do not exist, our new setup requires the entity mentions to be automatically detected."	ACL	
Medical Relation Extraction with Manifold Models	"From the perspective of relation extraction applications, we identify “super relations”- the key relations that can facilitate clinical decision making (Table 1). We also present approaches to collect training data for these relations with a small amount of labeling effort."	ACL	
Medical Relation Extraction with Manifold Models	"From the perspective of relation extraction methodologies, we present a manifold model for relation extraction utilizing both labeled and unlabeled data. Our approach can also take the label weight into consideration."	ACL	
Enhancing Grammatical Cohesion: Generating Transitional Expressions for SMT	the new translation rules are more discriminative and sensitive to cohesive information by converting the source string into a CSS-based taggedflattened string	ACL	
Enhancing Grammatical Cohesion: Generating Transitional Expressions for SMT	"the new additional features embedded in the log-linear model can encourage the decoder to produce transitional expressions. The experimental results show that significant improvements have been achieved on various test data, meanwhile the translations are more cohesive and smooth, which together demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed models."	ACL	
Query-Chain Focused Summarization	the definition of a new summarization task that corresponds to exploratory search behavior and the contribution of a novel dataset containing human summaries.	ACL	
Query-Chain Focused Summarization	This dataset is annotated with Wikipedia and UMLS terms for over 30% of the tokens.	ACL	
Query-Chain Focused Summarization	"We controlled that the summaries cover only part of the input document sets (and are, therefore, properly focused) and sensitive to the position of the queries in the chain."	ACL	
Two Is Bigger (and Better) Than One: the Wikipedia Bitaxonomy Project	"we propose a unified, effective approach to the construction of a Wikipedia bitaxonomy, a richer structure than those produced in the literature;"	ACL	
Two Is Bigger (and Better) Than One: the Wikipedia Bitaxonomy Project	"our method for building the bitaxonomy is self-contained, thanks to its independence from external resources (like WordNet) and the virtual absence of supervision, making WiBi replicable on any new version of Wikipedia"	ACL	
Two Is Bigger (and Better) Than One: the Wikipedia Bitaxonomy Project	"the taxonomy provides nearly full coverage of pages and categories, encompassing the entire encyclopedic knowledge in Wikipedia.We will apply our video games with a purpose (Vannella et al., 2014) to validate WiBi."	ACL	
Discourse Complements Lexical Semantics for Non-factoid Answer Reranking	"We demonstrate that modeling discourse is greatly beneficial for NF AR for two types of NF questions, manner (“how”) and reason (“why”), across two large datasets from different genres and domains – one from the community question-answering (CQA) site of Yahoo! Answers3 , and one from a biology textbook"	ACL	
Discourse Complements Lexical Semantics for Non-factoid Answer Reranking	"We demonstrate that both shallow and deep discourse representations are useful, and, in general, their combination performs best."	ACL	
Discourse Complements Lexical Semantics for Non-factoid Answer Reranking	We show that discourse-based QA models using inter-sentence features considerably outperform single-sentence models when answers span multiple sentences	ACL	
Discourse Complements Lexical Semantics for Non-factoid Answer Reranking	"We demonstrate good domain transfer performance between these corpora, suggesting that answer discourse structures are largely independent of domain, and thus broadly applicable to NF QA."	ACL	
Language-Aware Truth Assessment of Fact Candidates	"Alternative Fact Candidates: Truth-finders rank a given fact candidate with respect to its alternatives.For example, alternative places where Barack Obama could have been born. Virtually all existing truth-finders assume that the alternatives are provided. In contrast, we developed a method for generating alternative fact candidates."	ACL	
Language-Aware Truth Assessment of Fact Candidates	"Objectivity-Trustworthiness Correlation: We hypothesize that objectivity of language and trustworthiness of sources are positively correlated. To test this hypothesis, we designed a Mechanical Turk study. The study showed that this correlation does in fact hold."	ACL	
Language-Aware Truth Assessment of Fact Candidates	"Objectivity Classifier: Using labeled data from the Mechanical Turk study, we developed and trained an objectivity classifier which performed better than prior proposed lexicons from literature."	ACL	
Language-Aware Truth Assessment of Fact Candidates	"Believability Computation: We developed FactChecker, a truth-finding method that linearly combines objectivity and comention influence. Our experiments showed that FactChecker outperforms prior methods."	ACL	
That’s sick dude!: Automatic identification of word sense change across different timescales	"devise a time-varying graph clustering based sense induction algorithm,"	ACL	
That’s sick dude!: Automatic identification of word sense change across different timescales	"use the time-varying sense clusters to develop a split-join based approach for identifying new senses of a word,"	ACL	
That’s sick dude!: Automatic identification of word sense change across different timescales	evaluate the performance of the algorithms on various datasets using different suitable approaches along with a detailed error analysis	ACL	
A Step-wise Usage-based Method for Inducing Polysemy-aware Verb Classes	"induce both semantic frames and verb classes from a massive amount of verb uses by a scalable method,"	ACL	
A Step-wise Usage-based Method for Inducing Polysemy-aware Verb Classes	"explicitly deal with verb polysemy,"	ACL	
A Step-wise Usage-based Method for Inducing Polysemy-aware Verb Classes	"discover effective features for each of the clustering steps,"	ACL	
A Step-wise Usage-based Method for Inducing Polysemy-aware Verb Classes	quantitatively evaluate a soft clustering of verbs.	ACL	
Structured Learning for Taxonomy Induction with Belief Propagation	"we present the first discriminatively trained, structured probabilistic model over the full space of taxonomy trees, using a structured inference procedure through both the learning and decoding phases."	ACL	
A Unified Model for Soft Linguistic Reordering Constraints in Statistical Machine Translation	"We introduce novel soft reordering constraints, using syntactic constituents or semantic roles, composed over word alignment information in translation rules used during decoding time;"	ACL	
A Unified Model for Soft Linguistic Reordering Constraints in Statistical Machine Translation	We introduce a unified framework to incorporate syntactic and semantic reordering constraints;	ACL	
A Unified Model for Soft Linguistic Reordering Constraints in Statistical Machine Translation	We provide a detailed analysis providing insight into why the semantic reordering model is significantly less effective when syntactic reordering features are also present.	ACL	
Are Two Heads Better than One? Crowdsourced Translation via a Two-Step Collaboration of Non-Professional Translators and Editors	"An analysis of the difficulties posed by a twostep collaboration between editors and translators in Mechanical Turk-style crowdsourcing environments. Editors vary in quality, and poor editing can be difficult to detect."	ACL	
Are Two Heads Better than One? Crowdsourced Translation via a Two-Step Collaboration of Non-Professional Translators and Editors	A new graph-based algorithm for selecting the best translation among multiple translations of the same input. This method takes into account the collaborative relationship between the translators and the editors.	ACL	
A Generalized Language Model as the Combination of Skipped n-grams and Modified Kneser-Ney Smoothing	We provide a framework for using modified Kneser-Ney smoothing in combination with a systematic exploration of lower order models based on skip n-grams	ACL	
A Generalized Language Model as the Combination of Skipped n-grams and Modified Kneser-Ney Smoothing	We show how our novel approach can indeed easily be interpreted as a generalized version of the current state-of-the-art language models	ACL	
A Generalized Language Model as the Combination of Skipped n-grams and Modified Kneser-Ney Smoothing	"We present a large scale empirical analysis of our generalized language models on eight data sets spanning four different languages, namely, a wikipedia-based text corpus and the JRC-Acquis corpus of legislative texts."	ACL	
A Generalized Language Model as the Combination of Skipped n-grams and Modified Kneser-Ney Smoothing	We empirically observe that introducing skip n-gram models may reduce perplexity by 12.7% compared to the current state-of-theart using modified Kneser-Ney models on large data sets. Using small training data sets we observe even higher reductions of perplexity of up to 25.6%.	ACL	
A Semiparametric Gaussian Copula Regression Model for Predicting Financial Risks from Earnings Calls	We are among the first to formally study transcripts of earnings calls to predict financial risks.	ACL	
A Semiparametric Gaussian Copula Regression Model for Predicting Financial Risks from Earnings Calls	We propose a novel semiparametric Gaussian copula model for text regression	ACL	
A Semiparametric Gaussian Copula Regression Model for Predicting Financial Risks from Earnings Calls	Our results significantly outperform standard linear regression and strong SVM baselines.	ACL	
A Semiparametric Gaussian Copula Regression Model for Predicting Financial Risks from Earnings Calls	"By varying the number of dimensions of the covariates and the size of the training data, we show that the improvements over the baselines are robust across different parameter settings on three datasets."	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Experimental contributions:Comparison of pipeline and joint models for SRL.	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Experimental contributions:Subtractive experiments that consider the removal of supervised data.	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	"Experimental contributions:Analysis of the induced grammars in unsupervised, distantly-supervised, and joint training settings."	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Modeling contributions:Simpler joint CRF for syntactic and semantic dependency parsing than previously reported	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Modeling contributions:New application of unsupervised grammar induction: low-resource SRL.	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Modeling contributions:Constrained grammar induction using SRL for distant-supervision.	ACL	
Low-Resource Semantic Role Labeling	Modeling contributions:Use of Brown clusters in place of POS tags for low-resource SRL.	ACL	
Abstractive Summarization of Spoken and Written Conversations Based on Phrasal Queries	"To the best of our knowledge, our framework is the first abstractive system that generates summaries based on users phrasal queries, instead of well-formed questions.As a by-product of our approach, we also propose an extractive summarization model based on phrasal queries to select the summary-worthy sentences in the conversation based on query terms and signature terms (Lin and Hovy, 2000)."	ACL	
Abstractive Summarization of Spoken and Written Conversations Based on Phrasal Queries	"We propose a novel ranking strategy to select the best path in the constructed word graph by taking the query content, overall information content and grammaticality (i.e., fluency) of the sentence into consideration."	ACL	
Abstractive Summarization of Spoken and Written Conversations Based on Phrasal Queries	"Although most of the current summarization approaches use supervised algorithms as a part of their system (e.g., (Wang et al., 2013)), our method can be totally unsupervised and does not depend on human annotation"	ACL	
Abstractive Summarization of Spoken and Written Conversations Based on Phrasal Queries	"Although different conversational modalities (e.g., email vs. chat vs. meeting) underline domain-specific characteristics, in this work, we take advantage of their underlying similarities to generalize away from specific modalities and determine effective method for query-based summarization of multimodal conversations"	ACL	
Comparing Multi-label Classification with Reinforcement Learning for Summarisation of Time-series Data	we present a novel and efficient method for tackling the challenge of content selection using a ML classification approach;	ACL	
Comparing Multi-label Classification with Reinforcement Learning for Summarisation of Time-series Data	we applied this method to the domain of feedback summarisation; we present a comparison with an optimisation technique (Reinforcement Learning)	ACL	
Comparing Multi-label Classification with Reinforcement Learning for Summarisation of Time-series Data	we discuss the similarities and differences between the two methods.	ACL	
Approximation Strategies for Multi-Structure Sentence Compression	An empirically-useful technique for approximating the maximum-weight subtree in a weighted graph using LP-relaxed inference.	ACL	
Approximation Strategies for Multi-Structure Sentence Compression	"Multiple approaches to generate good approximate solutions for joint multi-structure compression, based on Lagrangian relaxation to enforce equality between the sequential and syntactic inference subproblems."	ACL	
Approximation Strategies for Multi-Structure Sentence Compression	An analysis of the tradeoffs incurred by joint approaches with regard to runtime as well as performance under automated measures.	ACL	
Opinion Mining on YouTube	"we carry out a systematic study on OM targeting YouTube comments; its contribution is three-fold: firstly, to solve the problems outlined above, we define a classification schema, which separates spam and not related comments from the informative ones, which are, in turn, further categorized into video- or product-related comments (type classification). At the final stage, different classifiers assign polarity (positive, negative or neutral) to each type of a meaningful comment. This allows us to filter out irrelevant comments, providing accurate OM distinguishing comments about the video and the target product."	ACL	
Opinion Mining on YouTube	the creation and annotation (by an expert coder) of a comment corpus containing 35k manually labeled comments for two product YouTube domains: tablets and automobiles. 1 It is the first manually annotated corpus that enables researchers to use supervised methods on YouTube for comment classification and opinion analysis.	ACL	
Opinion Mining on YouTube	"a novel structural representation, based on shallow syntactic trees enriched with conceptual information, i.e., tags generalizing the specific topic of the video, e.g., iPad, Kindle, Toyota Camry. Given the complexity and the novelty of the task, we exploit structural kernels to automatically engineer novel features. In particular, we define an efficient tree kernel derived from the Partial Tree Kernel, (Moschitti, 2006a), suitable for encoding structural representation of comments into Support Vector Machines (SVMs)"	ACL	
Looking at Unbalanced Specialized Comparable Corpora for Bilingual Lexicon Extraction	"re-reading of the standard approach putting emphasis on the unfounded assumption of the balance of the specialized comparable corpora. In specialized domains, the comparable corpora are traditionally of small size (around 1 million words) in comparison with comparable corpus-based general language (up to 100 million words)."	ACL	
Looking at Unbalanced Specialized Comparable Corpora for Bilingual Lexicon Extraction	contrast different regression models in order to boost the observations of word co-occurrences. This strategy allows to improve the quality of extracted bilingual lexicons from comparable corpora.	ACL	
Validating and Extending Semantic Knowledge Bases using Video Games with a Purpose	"we demonstrate effective video gamebased methods for both validating and extending semantic networks, using two games that operate on complementary sources of information: semantic relations and sense-image mappings.In contrast to previous work, the annotation quality is determined in a fully automatic way."	ACL	
Validating and Extending Semantic Knowledge Bases using Video Games with a Purpose	"we demonstrate that converting games with a purpose into more traditional video games creates an increased player incentive such that players annotate for free, thereby significantly lowering annotation costs below that of crowdsourcing."	ACL	
Validating and Extending Semantic Knowledge Bases using Video Games with a Purpose	"for both games, we show that games produce better quality annotations than crowdsourcing."	ACL	
Shallow Analysis Based Assessment of Syntactic Complexity for Automated Speech Scoring	"We show that the measure of syntactic complexity derived from a shallow-analysis of spoken utterances satisfies the design constraint of high discriminative ability between proficiency levels.In addition, including our proposed measure of syntactic complexity in an automatic scoring model results in a statistically significant performance gain over the state-of-the-art."	ACL	
Shallow Analysis Based Assessment of Syntactic Complexity for Automated Speech Scoring	"The proposed measure, derived through a completely automated process, satisfies the robustness criterion reasonably well."	ACL	
Shallow Analysis Based Assessment of Syntactic Complexity for Automated Speech Scoring	"In the domain of native language acquisition, the presence or absence of a grammatical structure indicates grammatical development. We observe that the proposed approach elegantly and effectively captures this presencebased criterion of grammatical development, since the feature indicative of presence or absence of a grammatical structure is optimal from an algorithmic point of view."	ACL	
Toward Better Chinese Word Segmentation for SMT via Bilingual Constraints	"on using the word boundary distributions to capture the bilingual segmentation supervisions. This representation contributes to reduce the negative impacts of erroneous “chars-to-word” alignments. The ambiguous types (having relatively uniform boundary distribution), caused by alignment errors, cannot directly bias the model tagging preferences."	ACL	
Toward Better Chinese Word Segmentation for SMT via Bilingual Constraints	"the use of GP, illustrated by STS-GP-PL, VES-GP-PL and Our model. The major effect is to multiply the impacts of the bilingual knowledge through the similarity graph. The graph vertices (types)10, without any supervisions, can learn the word boundary information from their similar types (neighborhoods) having the empirical boundary probabilities."	ACL	
Is this a wampimuk? Cross-modal mapping between distributional semantics and the visual world	we conduct experiments with simple imageand text-based vector representations and compare alternative methods to perform cross-modal mapping.	ACL	
Is this a wampimuk? Cross-modal mapping between distributional semantics and the visual world	"we complement recent work (Frome et al., 2013) and show that zero-shot learning scales to a large and noisy dataset."	ACL	
Is this a wampimuk? Cross-modal mapping between distributional semantics and the visual world	"we provide preliminary evidence that cross-modal projections can be used effectively to simulate a fast mapping scenario, thus strengthening the claims of this approach as a full-fledged, fully inductive theory of meaning acquisition."	ACL	
Semantic Parsing via Paraphrasing	a novel approach for semantic parsing based on a simple generation procedure and a paraphrase model. We achieve state-of-the-art results on two recently released datasets.	ACL	
Semantic Parsing via Paraphrasing	We believe that our approach opens a window of opportunity for learning semantic parsers from raw text not necessarily related to the target KB.	ACL	
Semantic Parsing via Paraphrasing	"With more sophisticated generation and paraphrase, we hope to tackle compositionally richer utterances."	ACL	
Predicting Instructor’s Intervention in MOOC forums	We motivate and introduce the important problem of predicting instructor intervention in MOOC forums	ACL	
Predicting Instructor’s Intervention in MOOC forums	We present two chain based models that incorporate thread structure	ACL	
Predicting Instructor’s Intervention in MOOC forums	"We show the utility of modeling thread structure, and the value of lexical and domain specific knowledge for the prediction task"	ACL	
Smart Selection	"We introduce a new natural language processing task, called smart selection, which aims to address an important problem in text selection for touch-enabled devices;"	ACL	
Smart Selection	"We conduct a large crowd-sourced user study to collect a dataset of intended selections and simulated user selections, which we release to the academic community;"	ACL	
Smart Selection	"We propose a machine-learned ensemble model for smart selection, which combines various linguistic annotation methods with information from a large knowledge base and web graph;"	ACL	
Smart Selection	We empirically show that our model can effectively address the smart selection task.	ACL	
Modeling Prompt Adherence in Student Essays	we develop a scoring model for the prompt adherence dimension on student essays using a feature-rich approach.	ACL	
Modeling Prompt Adherence in Student Essays	"in order to stimulate further research on this task, we make our data set consisting of prompt adherence annotations of 830 essays publicly available."	ACL	
Learning Sentiment-Specific Word Embedding for Twitter Sentiment Classification∗	We develop three neural networks to learn sentiment-specific word embedding (SSWE) from massive distant-supervised tweets without any manual annotations;	ACL	
Learning Sentiment-Specific Word Embedding for Twitter Sentiment Classification∗	"To our knowledge, this is the first work that exploits word embedding for Twitter sentiment classification. We report the results that the SSWE feature performs comparably with hand-crafted features in the top-performed system in SemEval 2013;"	ACL	
Learning Sentiment-Specific Word Embedding for Twitter Sentiment Classification∗	"We release the sentiment-specific word embedding learned from 10 million tweets, which can be adopted off-the-shell in other sentiment analysis tasks."	ACL	
Improving Citation Polarity Classification with Product Reviews	"train a CRF sequence tagger to find the citation context, which significantly improves results over using only the citing sentence. Their feature analysis indicates that lexicons for negation, speculation, and polarity were most important for improving polarity classification."	ACL	
Faster Phrase-Based Decoding by Refining Feature State	"a new search algorithm that exploits the above observations, namely that state can be divided into pieces relevant to each feature and that language model state can be further subdivided."	ACL	
Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale	"We develop a state-of-the-art approach for predicting the grammaticality of sentences on an ordinal scale, adapting various techniques from the previous work described above."	ACL	
Predicting Grammaticality on an Ordinal Scale	"We create a dataset of grammatical and ungrammatical sentences written by English language learners, labeled on an ordinal scale for grammaticality. With this unique data set, which we will release to the research community, it is now possible to conduct realistic evaluations for predicting sentence-level grammaticality"	ACL	
Effective Document-Level Features for Chinese Patent Word Segmentation	we have annotated a significant amount of Chinese patent data and we plan to release this data once the copyright issues have been cleared.	ACL	
Effective Document-Level Features for Chinese Patent Word Segmentation	we designed document-level features to capture the distributional characteristics of the scientific and technical terms in patents.	ACL	
A Novel Content Enriching Model for Microblog Using News Corpus	We formulate the topic inference problem for short texts as a convex optimization problem.	ACL	
A Novel Content Enriching Model for Microblog Using News Corpus	We enrich the content of microblogs by inferring the association between microblogs and external words in a probabilistic perspective	ACL	
A Novel Content Enriching Model for Microblog Using News Corpus	We evaluate our method on the real datasets and experiment results outperform the baseline methods.	ACL	
Learning Bilingual Word Representations by Marginalizing Alignments	We present a new probabilistic similarity measure which is based on an alignment model and prior language modeling work which learns and relates word representations across languages	ACL	
Learning Bilingual Word Representations by Marginalizing Alignments	"we apply these embeddings to a standard document classification task and show that they outperform the current published state of the art (Hermann and Blunsom, 2014b)"	ACL	
Learning Bilingual Word Representations by Marginalizing Alignments	"As a by-product we develop a distributed version of FASTALIGN (Dyer et al., 2013), which performs on par with the original model, thereby demonstrating the efficacy of the learned bilingual representations."	ACL	
Automatic Detection of Machine Translated Text and Translation Quality Estimation	"to relativize the result. We will see that the success of such classifiers are strongly correlated with the quality of the underlying machine translation system. Specifically, given a corpus consisting of both machine-translated English text (English being the target language) and native English text (not necessarily the reference translation of the machine-translated text), we measure the accuracy of the system in classifying the sentences in the corpus as machine-translated or not"	ACL	
Predicting Power Relations between Participants in Written Dialog from a Single Thread	We predict the hierarchical power relation between pairs of participants in an email interaction thread based solely on features extracted from that thread	ACL	
Predicting Power Relations between Participants in Written Dialog from a Single Thread	"we introduce a new set of features to capture aspects of participant behavior such as responsiveness, and we show that these features are significantly correlated with the direction of power."	ACL	
Predicting Power Relations between Participants in Written Dialog from a Single Thread	"We present a fully automatic system for this task obtaining an accuracy of 73.0%, an improvement of 6.9% over 68.3% by a system using only lexical features."	ACL	
Tri-Training for Authorship Attribution with Limited Training Data	the proposed three-view tri-training scheme which has a much better generalization ability by exploiting three different views of the same document.	ACL	
Building Sentiment Lexicons for All Major Languages	"New Sentiment Analysis Resources – We have generated sentiment lexicons for 136 major languages via graph propagation which are now publicly available1 . We validate our own work through other publicly available, human annotated sentiment lexicons."	ACL	
Building Sentiment Lexicons for All Major Languages	"Large-Scale Language Knowledge Graph Analysis – We have created a massive comprehensive knowledge graph of 7 million vocabulary words from 136 languages with over 131 million semantic inter-language links, which proves valuable when doing alignment between definitions in different languages."	ACL	
Building Sentiment Lexicons for All Major Languages	"Extrinsic Evaluation – We elucidate the sentiment consistency of entities reported in different language editions of Wikipedia using our propagated lexicons. In particular, we pick 30 languages and compute sentiment scores for 2,000 distinct historical figures. Each language pair exhibits a Spearman sentiment correlation of at least 0.14, with an average correlation of 0.28 over all pairs."	ACL	
"Difficult Cases: From Data to Learning, and Back"	"providing additional empricial evidence in support of the argument put forward in the literature regarding the need to pay attention to problematic, disagreeable instances in annotated data – not only from the linguistic perspective, but also from a machine learning one."	ACL	
A Corpus of Sentence-level Revisions in Academic Writing: A Step towards Understanding Statement Strength in Communication	"s to provide the first large-scale corpus of sentence-level revisions for studying a broad range of variations in statement strength. We collected labels for a subset of these revisions.Given the possibility of all kinds of disagreement, the fair level of agreement (Fleiss’ Kappa) among our annotators was decent."	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	"a simple, open-source evaluation suite for end-to-end, whole-document NEL;"	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	disambiguation evaluation facilitated by gold-standard mentions;	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	reference outputs from state-of-the-art NEL and wikification systems published with the suite for easy comparison;	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	"implementation of statistical significance and error sub-type analysis, which are often lacking in entity linking evaluation;"	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	"a venue for publishing benchmark results continuously, complementing the annual cycle of shared tasks"	ACL	
Cheap and easy entity evaluation	a repository for versioned corrections to ground truth annotation.	ACL	
How Well can We Learn Interpretable Entity Types from Text?	we empirically evaluate an approach to learning types from unlabeled data	ACL	
How Well can We Learn Interpretable Entity Types from Text?	we investigate several domains and models	ACL	
How Well can We Learn Interpretable Entity Types from Text?	the learned entity types can be used to predict selectional restrictions with high accuracy	ACL	
Learning Translational and Knowledge-based Similarities from Relevance Rankings for Cross-Language Retrieval	"thorough evaluation of dense and sparse features for learning-to-rank that have so far been used only monolingually or only on either patents or Wikipedia. We show that for both domains, patents and Wikipedia, jointly learning bilingual sparse word associations and dense knowledgebased similarities directly on relevance ranked data improves significantly over approaches that use either only sparse or only dense features, and over approaches that combine query translation by SMT with standard retrieval in the target language"	ACL	
Two-Stage Hashing for Fast Document Retrieval	propose a two-stage unsupervised hashing framework which harmoniously integrates two state-of-theart hashing algorithms Locality Sensitive Hashing (LSH) and Iterative Quantization (ITQ).	ACL	
Fast Easy Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Marginalized Structured Dropout	"we investigate noising functions that are explicitly designed for structured feature spaces, which are common in NLP."	ACL	
Fast Easy Unsupervised Domain Adaptation with Marginalized Structured Dropout	we demonstrate the applicability of unsupervised domain adaptation to the syntactic analysis of historical texts	ACL	
A Hybrid Approach to Skeleton-based Translation	"We develop a skeleton-based model which divides translation into two sub-models: a skeleton translation model (i.e., translating the key elements) and a full translation model (i.e., translating the remaining source words and generating the complete translation)."	ACL	
A Hybrid Approach to Skeleton-based Translation	We develop a skeletal language model to describe the possibility of translation skeleton and handle some of the long-distance word dependencies.	ACL	
A Hybrid Approach to Skeleton-based Translation	We apply the proposed model to ChineseEnglish phrase-based MT and demonstrate promising BLEU improvements and TER reductions on the NIST evaluation data	ACL	
Nonparametric Method for Data-driven Image Captioning	"Our caption generation system effectively leverages information from the massive amounts of human-written image captions on the internet. In particular, it exhibits strong performance on the SBU-Flickr dataset (Ordonez et al., 2011), a noisy corpus of one million captioned images collected from the web."	ACL	
Nonparametric Method for Data-driven Image Captioning	Our approach uses simple models which can be easily reproduced by both CV and NLP researchers. We provide resources to enable comparison against future systems.	ACL	
Improved Correction Detection in Revised ESL Sentences	We show empirically that a major challenge in correction detection is to determine the number of edits that address the same error.	ACL	
Improved Correction Detection in Revised ESL Sentences	"We have developed a merging model that reduces mis-detection by 1/3, leading to significant improvement in the accuracies of combined correction detection and error type selection."	ACL	
Improved Correction Detection in Revised ESL Sentences	"We have conducted experiments across multiple corpora, indicating that the proposed merging model is generalizable."	ACL	
Unsupervised Alignment of Privacy Policies using Hidden Markov Models	"A new corpus of over 1,000 privacy policies gathered from widely used websites, manually segmented into subtitled sections by crowdworkers (§2)."	ACL	
Unsupervised Alignment of Privacy Policies using Hidden Markov Models	An unsupervised approach to aligning the policy sections based on the issues they discuss	ACL	
Unsupervised Alignment of Privacy Policies using Hidden Markov Models	Two reusable evaluation benchmarks for the resulting alignment of policy sections (§4). We demonstrate that our approach outperforms na¨ıve methods (§5).	ACL	
Enriching Cold Start Personalized Language Model Using Social Network Information	"To solve the cold start problem encountered when estimating PLMs, a generalized framework based on FGM is proposed. We incorporate social network information into user language models through the use of FGM. An iterative optimization procedure utilizing perplexity is presented to learn the parameters. To our knowledge, this is the first proposal to use FGM to enrich language models."	ACL	
Enriching Cold Start Personalized Language Model Using Social Network Information	"Perplexity is selected as an intrinsic evaluation, and experiment on authorship attribution is used as an extrinsic evaluation. The results show that our model yields significant improvements for cold start users."	ACL	
Automatic Labelling of Topic Models Learned from Twitter by Summarisation	We propose a novel approach for topics labelling that relies on term relevance of documents relating to a topic; and	ACL	
Automatic Labelling of Topic Models Learned from Twitter by Summarisation	"We show that summarisation algorithms, which are independent of extenal sources, can be used with success to label topics, presenting a higher perfomance than the top-n terms baseline."	ACL	
Automatic Labelling of Topic Models Learned from Twitter by Summarisation	We propose a novel approach for topics labelling that relies on term relevance of documents relating to a topic;	ACL	
Automatic Labelling of Topic Models Learned from Twitter by Summarisation	"We show that summarisation algorithms, which are independent of extenal sources, can be used with success to label topics, presenting a higher perfomance than the top-n terms baseline"	ACL	
Stochastic Contextual Edit Distance and Probabilistic FSTs	"an efficient encoding of such a model as a tight PFST—that is, a WFST that is guaranteed to directly define conditional string probabilities without need for further normalization. We are releasing OpenFST-compatible code that can train both PFSTs and WFSTs (Cotterell and Renduchintala, 2014)"	ACL	
Normalizing tweets with edit scripts and recurrent neural embeddings	we show that a discriminative sequence labeling model is apt for text normalization and performs at state-of-the-art levels with small amounts of labeled training data	ACL	
Normalizing tweets with edit scripts and recurrent neural embeddings	we show that characterlevel neural text embeddings can be used to effectively incorporate information from unlabeled data into the model and can substantially boost text normalization performance.	ACL	
Empirical Study of Unsupervised Chinese Word Segmentation Methods for SMT on Large-scale Corpora	state-of-the-art accuracy in monolingual UWS;	ACL	
Empirical Study of Unsupervised Chinese Word Segmentation Methods for SMT on Large-scale Corpora	the first bilingual UWS method practical for large corpora;	ACL	
Empirical Study of Unsupervised Chinese Word Segmentation Methods for SMT on Large-scale Corpora	improvement of BLEU scores compared to supervised Stanford Chinese word segmenter.	ACL	
EM Decipherment for Large Vocabularies	"the preselection beam search that—to the best of our knowledge—was not known in literature before, and serves as an important step to applying EM training to the large vocabulary decipherment problem"	ACL	
RNN-based Derivation Structure Prediction for SMT	"We propose a novel RNN-based model to do derivation structure prediction for SMT decoding. To our best knowledge, this is the first work on this issue in SMT community;"	ACL	
RNN-based Derivation Structure Prediction for SMT	"In current work, RNN has only been verified to be useful on monolingual structure learning (Socher et al., 2011a; Socher et al., 2013). We go a step further, and design a bilingual RNN to represent the derivation structure;"	ACL	
RNN-based Derivation Structure Prediction for SMT	"To train the RNN-based DSP model, we propose a max-margin objective that prefers gold derivations yielded by forced decoding to n-best derivations generated by the conventional BTG translation model."	ACL	
Hierarchical MT Training using Max-Violation Perceptron	"We generalize the latent variable violationfixing perceptron framework to inexact search over hypergraphs, which subsumes previous algorithms for PBMT and bottomup parsing as special cases"	ACL	
Hierarchical MT Training using Max-Violation Perceptron	"We show that syntax-based MT, with its better handling of long-distance reordering, can exploit a larger portion of the training set, which facilitates sparse lexicalized features."	ACL	
Hierarchical MT Training using Max-Violation Perceptron	Experiments show that our training algorithm outperforms mainstream tuning methods (which optimize on small devsets) by +1.2 BLEU over MERT and PRO on FBIS.	ACL	
Understanding Relation Temporality of Entities	"using relation temporality for determining relation equivalence. Existing work (Nakashole et al., 2012; Mohamed et al., 2011; Lee and Hwang, 2013) uses only cooccurring entity pairs, or explicit features (EF)."	ACL	
Cross-lingual Opinion Analysis via Negative Transfer Detection	we propose a novel method aimed at reducing class noise for TTL in CLOA. The basic idea is to utilize transferred samples with high quality to identify those negative transfers and remove them as class noise to reduce noise accumulation in future training iterations.	ACL	
Does the Phonology of L1 Show Up in L2 Texts?	"we provide evidence against the above hypothesis. We design an algorithm to identify the most discriminative words and the character bigrams that are indicative of such words, and perform two experiments to quantify their impact on the NLI task."	ACL	
Modelling Annotator Bias with Multi-task Gaussian Processes: An Application to Machine Translation Quality Estimation	"n introducing Gaussian Processes to the NLP community, a technique that has great potential to further performance in a wider range of NLP applications. Moreover, the algorithms proposed herein can be adapted to improve future annotation efforts, and subsequent use of noisy crowd-sourced data."	ACL	
Grounded Language Learning from Video Described with Sentences	"we present a method that learns representations for word meanings from short video clips paired with sentences.Our work differs from prior work, our input consists of realistic video filmed in an outdoor environment."	ACL	
Grounded Language Learning from Video Described with Sentences	"we learn the entire lexicon, including nouns, verbs, prepositions, adjectives, and adverbs, simultaneously from video described with whole sentences."	ACL	
Grounded Language Learning from Video Described with Sentences	"we adopt a uniform representation for the meanings of words in all parts of speech, namely Hidden Markov Models (HMMs) whose states and distributions allow for multiple possible interpretations of a word or a sentence in an ambiguous perceptual context"	ACL	
Joint Event Extraction via Structured Prediction with Global Features	"Different from traditional pipeline approach, we present a novel framework for sentencelevel event extraction, which predicts triggers and their arguments jointly (Section 3)"	ACL	
Joint Event Extraction via Structured Prediction with Global Features	We develop a rich set of features for event extraction which yield promising performance even with the traditional pipeline (Section 3.4.1). In this paper we refer to them as local features	ACL	
Joint Event Extraction via Structured Prediction with Global Features	We introduce various global features to exploit dependencies among multiple triggers and arguments (Section 3.4.2).	ACL	
Language-Independent Discriminative Parsing of Temporal Expressions	the utilization of a discriminative parser trained with rich features;	ACL	
Language-Independent Discriminative Parsing of Temporal Expressions	simplifications to the temporal grammar which nonetheless maintain high accuracy;	ACL	
Language-Independent Discriminative Parsing of Temporal Expressions	"experimental results on 6 different languages, with state-of-the-art performance on both datasets on which we know of prior work."	ACL	
Recognizing Rare Social Phenomena in Conversation: Empowerment Detection in Support Group Chatrooms	"We develop a novel algorithm based on textual cues, suppressing information which is likely to be irrelevant to an instance’s class label."	ACL	
Recognizing Rare Social Phenomena in Conversation: Empowerment Detection in Support Group Chatrooms	"we propose modifications to existing algorithms. First, we identify a new application of logistic model trees to text data. Next, we define a modification of confidence-based ensemble voting which encourages minority class labeling."	ACL	
Decentralized Entity-Level Modeling for Coreference Resolution	we present a new structured model of entity-level information designed to allow efficient inference. We use a log-linear model that can be expressed as a factor graph.	ACL	
Decentralized Entity-Level Modeling for Coreference Resolution	"We evaluate our system on the dataset from the CoNLL 2011 shared task using three different types of properties: synthetic oracle properties, entity phi features (number, gender, animacy, and NER type), and properties derived from unsupervised clusters targeting semantic type information."	ACL	
Chinese Parsing Exploiting Characters	"We annotated the internal structures of Chinese words, which are potentially useful to character-based studies of Chinese NLP. We extend CTB-style constituent trees into character-level trees using our annotations."	ACL	
Chinese Parsing Exploiting Characters	"We developed a character-based parsing model that can produce our character-level constituent trees. Our parser jointly performs word segmentation, POS tagging and syntactic parsing."	ACL	
Chinese Parsing Exploiting Characters	"We investigated the effectiveness of our joint parser over pipelined baseline, and the effectiveness of our annotated word structures in improving parsing accuracies."	ACL	
A Transition-Based Dependency Parser Using a Dynamic Parsing Strategy	"we explore an orthogonal approach to improving the accuracy of transition-based parsers, without sacrificing their advantage in efficiency, by introducing a new type of transition system. While all previous transition systems assume a static parsing strategy with respect to top-down and bottom-up processing, our new system allows a dynamic strategy for ordering parsing decisions"	ACL	
Generic binarization for parsing and translation	we offer a generic approach for transferring the rule-by-rule binarization technique to new grammar formalisms. At the core of our approach is a binarization algorithm that can be adapted to a new formalism by changing a parameter at runtime.	ACL	
Generic binarization for parsing and translation	We illustrate the effectiveness of our system by binarizing a large treeto-string transducer for English-German SMT.	ACL	
Distortion Model Considering Rich Context for Statistical Machine Translation	"we propose two distortion models for phrase-based SMT. In decoding, a distortion model estimates the source word position to be translated next (NP) given the last translated source word position (CP)."	ACL	
Word Alignment Modeling with Context Dependent Deep Neural Network	"we explores applying deep neural network for word alignment task. Our model integrates a multi-layer neural network into an HMM-like framework, where context dependent lexical translation score is computed by neural network, and distortion is modeled by a simple jump-distance scheme."	ACL	
Improved Bayesian Logistic Supervised Topic Models with Data Augmentation	"We present two improvements to Bayesian logistic supervised topic models, namely, a general formulation by introducing a regularization parameter to avoid model imbalance and a highly efficient Gibbs sampling algorithm without restricting assumptions on the posterior distributions by exploring the idea of data augmentation."	ACL	
Fast and Robust Compressive Summarization with Dual Decomposition and Multi-Task Learning	"We presented a multi-task learning framework for compressive summarization, leveraging data for related tasks in a principled manner."	ACL	
Fast and Robust Compressive Summarization with Dual Decomposition and Multi-Task Learning	"We decode with AD3 , a fast and modular dual decomposition algorithm which is orders of magnitude faster than ILP-based approaches."	ACL	
Unsupervised Transcription of Historical Documents	"We present a new, generative model specialized to transcribing printing-press era documents. Our model is inspired by the underlying printing processes and is designed to capture the primary sources of variation and noise."	ACL	
Universal Conceptual Cognitive Annotation (UCCA)	"presented Universal Conceptual Cognitive Annotation (UCCA), a novel framework for semantic representation."	ACL	
Universal Conceptual Cognitive Annotation (UCCA)	We described the foundational layer of UCCA and the compilation of a UCCA-annotated corpus.	ACL	
Universal Conceptual Cognitive Annotation (UCCA)	We demonstrated UCCA’s relative insensitivity to paraphrases and cross-linguistic syntactic variation.	ACL	
Universal Conceptual Cognitive Annotation (UCCA)	"discussed UCCA’s accessibility to annotators with no background in linguistics, which can alleviate the almost prohibitive annotation costs of large syntactic annotation projects."	ACL	
Linking Tweets to News: A Framework to Enrich Short Text Data in Social Media	"we introduce the Linking-Tweets-toNews task as well as a dataset of linked tweet-news pairs, which can benefit many NLP applications"	ACL	
Linking Tweets to News: A Framework to Enrich Short Text Data in Social Media	"in contrast to previous research which focuses on lexical features within the short texts (text-to-word information), we propose a graph based latent variable model that models the inter short text correlations (text-to-text information)."	ACL	
A computational approach to politeness with application to social factors	"We build a politeness classifier that achieves near-human performance and use it to explore the relation between politeness and social factors such as power, status, gender, and community membership."	ACL	
A computational approach to politeness with application to social factors	"We hope the publicly available collection of annotated requests enables further study of politeness and its relation to social factors, as this paper has only begun to explore this area."	ACL	
Modeling Thesis Clarity in Student Essays	we develop a scoring model and error identification system for the thesis clarity dimension on student essays.	ACL	
Modeling Thesis Clarity in Student Essays	"we use features explicitly designed for each of the identified error types in order to train our scoring model, in contrast to many existing systems for other scoring dimensions, which use more general features developed without the concept of error classes."	ACL	
Modeling Thesis Clarity in Student Essays	we make our data set consisting of thesis clarity annotations of 830 essays publicly available in order to stimulate further research on this task.	ACL	
Stop-probability estimates computed on a large corpus improve Unsupervised Dependency Parsing	"a considerable improvement of unsupervised parsing quality by estimating the Pstop probabilities externally using a very large corpus, and employing this prior knowledge in the standard inference of DMV. The estimation is done using the reducibility principle introduced in (Marecek and ˇ Zabokrtsk ˇ y, 2012). ´ The reducibility principle postulates that if a word (or a sequence of words) can be removed from a sentence without violating its grammatical correctness, it is a leaf (or a subtree) in its dependency structure."	ACL	
Transfer Learning for Constituency-Based Grammars	"we propose an alternative approach for parsing constituency-based grammars. Instead of using manually-crafted transformation rules, this approach relies on a small amount of annotations in the target formalism. Frequently, such annotations are available in linguistic texts that introduce the formalism."	ACL	
Transfer Learning for Constituency-Based Grammars	"We evaluate our approach on three constituency-based grammars — CCG, HPSG, and LFG. As a source of coarse annotations, we use the Penn Treebank."	ACL	
Fast and Adaptive Online Training of Feature-Rich Translation Models	"We introduced a new online method for tuning feature-rich translation models. The method is faster per epoch than MERT, scales to millions of features, and converges quickly"	ACL	
Fast and Adaptive Online Training of Feature-Rich Translation Models	"We used efficient L1 regularization for feature selection, obviating the need for the feature scaling and heuristic filtering common in prior work. Those comfortable with implementing vanilla SGD should find our method easy to implement. Even basic discriminative features were effective, so we believe that our work enables fresh approaches to more sophisticated MT feature engineering."	ACL	
Advancements in Reordering Models for Statistical Machine Translation	propose the tagging-style reordering model and improve the translation quality	ACL	
Advancements in Reordering Models for Statistical Machine Translation	compare two sequence labeling techniques CRFs and RNN; compare our method with seven other reordering models.	ACL	
A Markov Model of Machine Translation using Non-parametric Bayesian Inference	"we propose a new model to drop the independence assumption, by instead modelling correlations between translation decisions, which we use to induce translation derivations from aligned sentences (akin to word alignment)."	ACL	
A Markov Model of Machine Translation using Non-parametric Bayesian Inference	"We develop a Markov model over translation decisions, in which each decision is conditioned on previous n most recent decisions."	ACL	
A Markov Model of Machine Translation using Non-parametric Bayesian Inference	"We further decompose the process of generating each target word into component factors: finishing the translating, jumping elsewhere in the source, emitting a target word and deciding the fertility of the source words."	ACL	
Scaling Semi-supervised Naive Bayes with Feature Marginals	"we present a new SSL text classification approach that scales to large corpora. Instead of utilizing unlabeled examples directly for each given target concept, our approach is to precompute a small set of statistics over the unlabeled data in advance."	ACL	
Scaling Semi-supervised Naive Bayes with Feature Marginals	"for a given target class and labeled data set, we utilize the statistics to improve a classifier"	ACL	
Learning Latent Personas of Film Characters	"We present a method for automatically inferring latent character personas from text (and metadata, when available)."	ACL	
Is a 204 cm Man Tall or Small ? Acquisition of Numerical Common Sense from the Web	"We examine instances in existing RTE corpora, categorize them into groups in terms of the necessary semantic inferences, and discuss the impact of this study for solving RTE problems with numerical expressions."	ACL	
Is a 204 cm Man Tall or Small ? Acquisition of Numerical Common Sense from the Web	We describe a method of normalizing numerical expressions referring to the same amount in text into a unified semantic representation	ACL	
Is a 204 cm Man Tall or Small ? Acquisition of Numerical Common Sense from the Web	"We present approaches for aggregating numerical common sense from examples of numerical expressions and for judging whether a given amount is large, small, or normal."	ACL	
Is a 204 cm Man Tall or Small ? Acquisition of Numerical Common Sense from the Web	"We demonstrate the effectiveness of this approach, reporting experimental results and analyses in detail. Although it would be ideal to evaluate the impact of this study on the overall RTE task, we evaluate each phase separately"	ACL	
Extracting bilingual terminologies from comparable corpora	we presented an approach to align terms identified by a monolingual term extractor in bilingual comparable corpora using a binary classifier	ACL	
Extracting bilingual terminologies from comparable corpora	We trained the classifier using data from the EUROVOC thesaurus. Each candidate term pair was pre-processed to extract various features which are cognate-based or dictionary-based.	ACL	
Extracting bilingual terminologies from comparable corpora	We measured the performance of our classifier using Information Retrieval (IR) metrics and a manual evaluation.	ACL	
Extracting bilingual terminologies from comparable corpora	"We also performed an error analysis and highlighted problem cases, which we plan to address in future work."	ACL	
Extracting bilingual terminologies from comparable corpora	"we plan to investigate the usefulness of the terms in different application scenarios, including computer assisted translation and machine translation."	ACL	
The Haves and the Have-Nots: Leveraging Unlabelled Corpora for Sentiment Analysis	"Features created from manually built and finer clusters can be replaced by inexpensive cluster based features generated solely from unlabelled corpora. Experiments performed on four publicly available datasets in three languages viz., English, Hindi and Marathi1 suggest that cluster based features can considerably boost the performance of an SA system. Moreover, state of the art result is obtained for one of the publicly available dataset."	ACL	
The Haves and the Have-Nots: Leveraging Unlabelled Corpora for Sentiment Analysis	An alternative and effective approach for CLSA is demonstrated using clusters as features. Word clustering is a powerful mechanism to “transfer” a sentiment classifier from one language to another. Thus can be used in truly resource scarce scenarios like that of English-Marathi CLSA.	ACL	
Large-scale Semantic Parsing via Schema Matching and Lexicon Extension	"investigates a reduction of the problem of building a semantic parser to three standard problems in semantics and machine learning: supervised training of a semantic parser, schema matching, and pattern learning."	ACL	
Large-scale Semantic Parsing via Schema Matching and Lexicon Extension	We apply an existing supervised training algorithm for semantic parsing to a labeled data set.	ACL	
Large-scale Semantic Parsing via Schema Matching and Lexicon Extension	"We apply schema matching techniques to the problem of finding correspondences between English words w and ontological symbols s. And we apply pattern learning techniques to incorporate new (w, s) pairs into the lexicon of the trained semantic parser"	ACL	
Fast and Accurate Shift-Reduce Constituent Parsing	"We propose an extension to the shift-reduce process to address this problem, which gives significant improvements to the parsing accuracies. Our method is conceptually simple, requiring only one additional transition action to eliminate size differences between different candidate outputs"	ACL	
Fast and Accurate Shift-Reduce Constituent Parsing	"we apply a variety of semi-supervised learning techniques to our transition-based parser. These techniques have been shown useful to improve chart-based parsing (Koo et al., 2008; Chen et al., 2012), but little work has been done for transition-based parsers. We therefore fill a gap in the literature by reporting empirical results using these methods."	ACL	
Discriminative state tracking for spoken dialog systems	"we have introduced a new model for discriminative state tracking. The key idea is to exploit the structure of the problem, in which each dialog state hypothesis has features drawn from the same set."	ACL	
Discriminative state tracking for spoken dialog systems	"We evaluated the proposed method and compared it to existing generative and discriminative approaches on a corpus of real-world humancomputer dialogs chosen to include a mismatch between training and test, as this will be found in deployments"	ACL	
Discriminative state tracking for spoken dialog systems	"to incorporate this approach into a deployed dialog system, and use the estimated posterior over dialog states as input to the action selection process."	ACL	
Leveraging Synthetic Discourse Data via Multi-task Learning for Implicit Discourse Relation Recognition	we present a multi-task learning method to improve implicit discourse relation classification by leveraging synthetic implicit discourse data	ACL	
Combining Intra- and Multi-sentential Rhetorical Parsing for Document-level Discourse Analysis	we have presented a novel discourse parser that applies an optimal parsing algorithm to probabilities inferred from two CRF models: one for intra-sentential parsing and the other for multi-sentential parsing. The two models exploit their own informative feature sets and the distributional variations of the relations in the two parsing conditions	ACL	
Combining Intra- and Multi-sentential Rhetorical Parsing for Document-level Discourse Analysis	We have also presented two novel approaches to combine them effectively. Empirical evaluations on two different genres demonstrate that our approach yields substantial improvement over existing methods in discourse parsing.	ACL	
Improving pairwise coreference models through feature space hierarchy learning	we described a method for selecting a feature space among a very large number of choices by using linearity and by combining indicators to separate the instances.	ACL	
Improving pairwise coreference models through feature space hierarchy learning	We employed dynamic programming on hierarchies of indicators to compute the feature space providing the best pairwise classifications efficiently.	ACL	
Improving pairwise coreference models through feature space hierarchy learning	"We applied this method to optimize the pairwise model of a coreference resolution system. Using different kinds of greedy decoders, we showed a significant improvement of the system."	ACL	
Feature-Based Selection of Dependency Paths in Ad Hoc Information Retrieval	"we explore a flexible application of dependency paths that overcomes this difficulty. We reduce paths to chains of words called catenae (Osborne and Groß, 2012) that capture salient semantic content in an underspecified manner"	ACL	
Feature-Based Selection of Dependency Paths in Ad Hoc Information Retrieval	"We hypothesize that catenae identify most units of salient knowledge in text. This is because they are a condition for ellipsis, in which salient knowledge can be successfully omitted from text (Osborne and Groß, 2012)."	ACL	
Feature-Based Selection of Dependency Paths in Ad Hoc Information Retrieval	"We also extend previous work with development of a linguistically informed, supervised machine learning technique for selection of informative catenae..Previous heuristic filters for dependency paths (Lin and Pantel, 2001; Shen et al., 2005; Cui et al., 2005) can exclude informative relations. Alternatively, treating all paths as equally informative (Punyakanok et al., 2004; Park et al., 2011; Moschitti, 2008) can generate noisy word relations and is computationally intensive"	ACL	
GlossBoot: Bootstrapping Multilingual Domain Glossaries from the Web	"we propose GlossBoot, a novel approach which reduces human intervention to a bare minimum and exploits the Web to learn a full-fledged domain glossary. Given a domain and a language of interest,"	ACL	
GlossBoot: Bootstrapping Multilingual Domain Glossaries from the Web	"we bootstrap the glossary learning process with just a few hypernymy relations (such as computer is-a device), with the only condition that the (term, hypernym) pairs must be specific enough to implicitly identify the domain in the target language"	ACL	
GlossBoot: Bootstrapping Multilingual Domain Glossaries from the Web	"we drop the requirement of a large domain corpus, and also avoid the use of training data or a manually defined set of lexical patterns. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first approach which jointly acquires large amounts of terms and glosses from the Web with minimal supervision for any target domain and language"	ACL	
Collective Annotation of Linguistic Resources: Basic Principles and a Formal Model	"we take a different perspective and instead focus on investigating different aggregation methods for deriving a single collective annotation from a diverse set of judgments. For this we draw inspiration from the field of social choice theory, a theoretical framework for combining the preferences or choices of several individuals into a collective decision (Arrow et al., 2002). Our aim is to explore the parallels between the task of aggregating the preferences of the citizens participating in an election and the task of combining the expertise of speakers taking part in an annotation project"	ACL	
Using subcategorization knowledge to improve case prediction for translation to German	to improve the prediction of case in our SMT system by implementing and combining two alternative routes to integrate subcategorization information from the syntax-semantic interface	ACL	
Name-aware Machine Translation	"Tightly integrate joint bilingual name tagging into MT training by coordinating tagged names in parallel corpora, updating word segmentation, word alignment and grammar extraction (Section 3.1)."	ACL	
Name-aware Machine Translation	Tightly integrate name tagging and translation into MT decoding via name-aware grammar (Section 3.2).	ACL	
Name-aware Machine Translation	Optimize name translation and context translation simultaneously and conduct name translation driven decoding with language model (LM) based selection (Section 3.2)	ACL	
Name-aware Machine Translation	Propose a new MT evaluation metric which can discriminate names and non-informative words (Section 4).	ACL	
Transfer Learning Based Cross-lingual Knowledge Extraction for Wikipedia	We propose a transfer learning-based crosslingual knowledge extraction framework called WikiCiKE. The extraction performance for the target Wikipedia is improved by using rich infoboxes and textual information in the source language	ACL	
Transfer Learning Based Cross-lingual Knowledge Extraction for Wikipedia	We propose the TrAdaBoost-based extractor training method to avoid the problems of topic drift and translation errors of the source Wikipedia.	ACL	
Transfer Learning Based Cross-lingual Knowledge Extraction for Wikipedia	Chinese-English experiments for four typical attributes demonstrate that WikiCiKE outperforms both the monolingual extraction method and current translation-based method.	ACL	
Multilingual Affect Polarity and Valence Prediction in Metaphor-Rich Texts	"We have developed multilingual metaphorrich datasets in English, Spanish, Russian and Farsi that contain annotations of the Positive and Negative polarity and the valence (from −3 to +3 scale) corresponding to the intensity of the affect conveyed in the metaphor."	ACL	
Multilingual Affect Polarity and Valence Prediction in Metaphor-Rich Texts	"We have proposed and developed automated methods for solving the polarity and valence tasks for all four languages. We model the polarity task as a classification problem, while the valence task as a regression problem."	ACL	
Multilingual Affect Polarity and Valence Prediction in Metaphor-Rich Texts	"We have studied the influence of different information sources like the metaphor itself, the context in which it resides, the source and target domains of the metaphor, in addition to contextual features and trigger word lists developed by psychologists (Tausczik and Pennebaker, 2010)."	ACL	
Multilingual Affect Polarity and Valence Prediction in Metaphor-Rich Texts	We have conducted in depth experimental evaluation and showed that the developed methods significantly outperform baseline methods.	ACL	
Learning to lemmatise Polish noun phrases	"a novel approach to lemmatisation of Polish noun phrases. The main advantage of this solution is that it allows to separate the lemmatisation phrase from the chunking phrase. Degórski’s rule-based approach (Degórski, 2011)"	ACL	
Learning to lemmatise Polish noun phrases	"built on top of an existing parser but, as he notes, to improve the lemmatisation accuracy, the grammar underlying the parser should actually be rewritten with lemmatisation in mind"	ACL	
The Impact of Topic Bias on Quality Flaw Prediction in Wikipedia	We present an approach for factoring out the bias from quality flaw corpora by mining reliable negative instances for each flaw from the article revision history.	ACL	
The Impact of Topic Bias on Quality Flaw Prediction in Wikipedia	we employ the article revision history to extract reliable positive training instances by using the version of each article at the time it has first been identified as flawed.	ACL	
Mining Informal Language from Chinese Microtext: Joint Word Recognition and Segmentation	"to propose novel features for joint inference. We propose new features for the dictionary-based and statistical feature classes, which we have marked in the discussion below with “(*)”. We later examine their efficacy in Section 3."	ACL	
Generating Synthetic Comparable Questions for News Articles	"we propose a new way to increase user engagement around news articles, namely suggesting questions for the user to answer, which are related to the viewed article. Our motivation is that there are questions that are “irresistible” because they are fun, involve emotional reaction and expect simple answers."	ACL	
Punctuation Prediction with Transition-based Parsing	"we propose jointly performing punctuation prediction and transition-based dependency parsing over transcribed speech text. When the transition-based parsing consumes the stream of words left to right with the shift-reduce decoding algorithm, punctuation symbols are predicted for each word based on the contexts of the parsing tree."	ACL	
Additive Neural Networks for Statistical Machine Translation	"it goes beyond the log-linear model and proposes a non-linear translation model instead of re-ranking model (Duh and Kirchhoff, 2008; Sokolov et al., 2012)."	ACL	
Hierarchical Phrase Table Combination for Machine Translation	"proposes a new phrase table combination method. First, phrase pairs are extracted from each domain without interfering with other domains. Second, extracted phrase tables are combined as if they are drawn from a hierarchical Pitman-Yor process, in which the phrase tables represented as tables in the Chinese restaurant process (CRP) are hierarchically chained by treating each of the previously learned phrase tables as prior to the current one."	ACL	
Shallow Local Multi Bottom-up Tree Transducers in Statistical Machine Translation	"We perform a largescale empirical evaluation of our obtained system, which demonstrates that we significantly beat a realistic tree-to-tree baseline on the WMT 2009 English → German translation task."	ACL	
Shallow Local Multi Bottom-up Tree Transducers in Statistical Machine Translation	we make the developed software and complete tool-chain publicly available for further experimentation.	ACL	
Enlisting the Ghost: Modeling Empty Categories for Machine Translation	"Propose a novel structured approach to EC prediction, including the exact word-level location and EC labels. Our results are significantly higher in accuracy than that of the state-of-the-art"	ACL	
Enlisting the Ghost: Modeling Empty Categories for Machine Translation	Measure the effect of ECs on automatic word alignment for machine translation after integrating recovered ECs into the MT data;	ACL	
Enlisting the Ghost: Modeling Empty Categories for Machine Translation	Design EC-specific features for phrases and syntactic tree-to-string rules in translation grammar;	ACL	
Enlisting the Ghost: Modeling Empty Categories for Machine Translation	Show significant improvement on top of the state-of-the-art large-scale hierarchical and syntactic machine translation systems.	ACL	
A Multi-Domain Translation Model Framework for Statistical Machine Translation	"a novel translation model architecture that delays the computation of translation model features to the decoding phase, and uses a vector of component models for this computation."	ACL	
A Multi-Domain Translation Model Framework for Statistical Machine Translation	"described a usage scenario for this architecture, namely its ability to quickly switch between weight vectors in order to serve as an adapted model for multiple domains"	ACL	
Statistical Machine Translation Improves Question Retrieval in Community Question Answering via Matrix Factorization	we propose to employ statistical machine translation to improve question retrieval and enrich the question representation with the translated words from other languages via matrix factorization.	ACL	
Semantic Frames to Predict Stock Price Movement	a novel tree representation based on semantic frame parses that performs significantly better than enriched bag-of-words vectors.	ACL	
Density Maximization in Context-Sense Metric Space for All-words WSD	"proposes a smoothing model that integrates dictionary-based semantic similarity and corpus-based context statistics, where a combinatorial optimization scheme is employed to deal with sense interdependency of the all-words WSD task."	ACL	
Margin-based Decomposed Amortized Inference	we describe a novel algorithm for amortized inference called margin-based amortization. This algorithm is on an examination of the structured margin of a prediction.	ACL	
Margin-based Decomposed Amortized Inference	"we argue that the idea of amortization is best exploited at the level of parts of the structures rather than the entire structure because we expect a much higher redundancy in the parts. We introduce the notion of decomposed amortized inference, whereby we can attain a significant improvement in speedup by considering repeated sub-structures across the dataset and applying any amortized inference algorithm for the parts."	ACL	
Semi-Supervised Semantic Tagging of Conversational Understanding using Markov Topic Regression	"a new probabilistic topic model, Markov Topic Regression (MTR), which uses rich features to capture the degree of association between words and semantic tags."	ACL	
Semi-Supervised Semantic Tagging of Conversational Understanding using Markov Topic Regression	"we introduce a new iterative training algorithm, Retrospective Learning"	ACL	
Parsing Graphs with Hyperedge Replacement Grammars	we describe in detail a more efficient version of this algorithm and its implementation.	ACL	
Parsing Graphs with Hyperedge Replacement Grammars	"We give a more precise complexity analysis in terms of the grammar and the size and maximum degree of the input graph, and we show how to optimize it by a process analogous to binarization of CFGs, following Gildea (2011)."	ACL	
Grounded Unsupervised Semantic Parsing	"we present the GUSP system, which combines unsupervised semantic parsing with grounded learning from a database. GUSP starts with the dependency tree of a sentence and produces a semantic parse by annotating the nodes and edges with latent semantic states derived from the database."	ACL	
Automatic detection of deception in child-produced speech using syntactic complexity features	"we evaluate various parameterizations of five classifiers (including support vector machines, neural networks, and random forests) in deciphering truth from lies given transcripts of interviews with 198 victims of abuse between the ages of 4 and 7. These evaluations are performed using a novel set of syntactic features, including measures of complexity"	ACL	
Sentiment Relevance	"we provide a single-domain gold standard for sentiment relevance, created based on clear annotation guidelines, and use it for direct evaluation."	ACL	
Sentiment Relevance	"we show that generalization based on semantic classes improves Srelevance classification. While previous work has shown the utility of other types of feature generalization for sentiment and subjectivity analysis (e.g., syntax and part-of-speech (Riloff and Wiebe, 2003)), semantic classes have so far not been exploited."	ACL	
Probabilistic Sense Sentiment Similarity through Hidden Emotions	"We propose an effective approach to predict the sentiment similarity between word pairs through hidden emotions at the sense level,"	ACL	
Probabilistic Sense Sentiment Similarity through Hidden Emotions	We show the utility of sentiment similarity prediction in IQAP inference and SO prediction tasks	ACL	
Probabilistic Sense Sentiment Similarity through Hidden Emotions	Our hidden emotional model can infer the type and number of hidden emotions in a corpus.	ACL	
A user-centric model of voting intention from Social Media	propose a generic method that aims to be independent of the characteristics described above (use of search terms or sentiment analysis tools).	ACL	
A user-centric model of voting intention from Social Media	We evaluate our methods on the domain of politics using data from the microblogging service of Twitter to infer voting trends.	ACL	
Using Supervised Bigram-based ILP for Extractive Summarization	"we leverage the ILP method as a core component in our summarization system. Different from the previous ILP summarization approach, we propose a supervised learning method (a discriminatively trained regression model) to determine the importance of the bigrams fed to the ILP module. In addition, we revise the ILP to maximize the bigram gain (which is expected to be highly correlated with ROUGE-2 scores) rather than the concept/bigram coverage."	ACL	
Integrating Multiple Dependency Corpora for Inducing Wide-coverage Japanese CCG Resources	we show the first comprehensive results for Japanese CCG parsing	ACL	
Integrating Multiple Dependency Corpora for Inducing Wide-coverage Japanese CCG Resources	we present a methodology for integrating multiple dependency-based resources to induce CCG derivations	ACL	
Integrating Multiple Dependency Corpora for Inducing Wide-coverage Japanese CCG Resources	we investigate the possibility of further improving CCG analysis by additional resources.	ACL	
Bilingually-Guided Monolingual Dependency Grammar Induction	"presents a bilingually-guided strategy for automatic dependency grammar induction, which adopts an unsupervised skeleton and leverages the bilingually-projected dependency information during optimization."	ACL	
Joint Word Alignment and Bilingual Named Entity Recognition Using Dual Decomposition	"we first develop a bilingual NER model (denoted as BI-NER) by embedding two monolingual CRF-based NER models into a larger undirected graphical model, and introduce additional edge factors based on word alignment (WA)."	ACL	
Resolving Entity Morphs in Censored Data	"We detect target candidates by exploiting the dynamics of the social media to extract temporal distribution of entities, based on the assumption that the popularity of an individual is correlated between censored and uncensored text within a certain time window."	ACL	
Resolving Entity Morphs in Censored Data	"Our approach builds and analyzes heterogeneous information networks from multiple sources, such as Twitter, Sina Weibo and web documents in formal genre (e.g. news) because a morph and its target tend to appear in similar contexts."	ACL	
Resolving Entity Morphs in Censored Data	"We propose two new similarity measures, as well as integrating temporal information into the similarity measures to generate global semantic features."	ACL	
Resolving Entity Morphs in Censored Data	We model social user behaviors and use social correlation to assist in measuring semantic similarities because the users who posted a morph and its corresponding target tend to share similar interests and opinions.	ACL	
Learning to Extract International Relations from Political Context	we present a novel unsupervised approach to an important data collection effort in the social sciences.	ACL	
Graph Propagation for Paraphrasing Out-of-Vocabulary Words in Statistical Machine Translation	a novel approach for inducing oov translations from a monolingual corpus on the source side and a parallel data using graph propagation.	ACL	
Online Relative Margin Maximization for Statistical Machine Translation	"introduction of a loss function for structured RMM in the SMT setting, with surrogate reference translations and latent variables"	ACL	
Online Relative Margin Maximization for Statistical Machine Translation	"an online gradientbased solver, RM, with a closed-form parameter update to optimize the relative margin loss"	ACL	
Online Relative Margin Maximization for Statistical Machine Translation	"an efficient implementation that integrates well with the open source cdec SMT system (Dyer et al., 2010)"	ACL	
Online Relative Margin Maximization for Statistical Machine Translation	"as our solution is not dependent on any specific QP solver, it can be easily incorporated into practically any gradientbased learning algorithm"	ACL	
Handling Ambiguities of Bilingual Predicate-Argument Structures for Statistical Machine Translation	"We define two kinds of PAS ambiguities: role ambiguity and gap ambiguity. To our best knowledge, we are the first to handle these PAS ambiguities for SMT."	ACL	
Handling Ambiguities of Bilingual Predicate-Argument Structures for Statistical Machine Translation	"Towards the two different ambiguities, we design two specific methods for PAS disambiguation: inside context integration and the novel MEPD model."	ACL	
Reconstructing an Indo-European Family Tree from Non-native English texts	"is to reveal and visualize a language family tree preserved in non-native texts, by examining the hypothesis. This becomes important in native language identification1 which is useful for improving grammatical error correction systems (Chodorow et al., 2010) or for providing more targeted feedback to language learners."	ACL	
Reconstructing an Indo-European Family Tree from Non-native English texts	reveals several crucial findings that contribute to improving native language identification	ACL	
Word Association Profiles and their Use for Automated Scoring of Essays	presents our methodology for building word association profiles for texts.	ACL	
Word Association Profiles and their Use for Automated Scoring of Essays	illustrates the profiles for three corpora from different genres	ACL	
Word Association Profiles and their Use for Automated Scoring of Essays	"presents our study of the relationship between writing quality and patterns of word associations, with section 4.5 showing the results of adding a feature based on word association profile to a state-of-art essay scoring system."	ACL	
A Random Walk Approach to Selectional Preferences Based on Preference Ranking and Propagation	We present a framework of random walk approach to SP. It contains four components with flexible configurations. Each component is corresponding to a specific functional operation on the bipartite and monopartite graphs which representing the SP data;	ACL	
A Random Walk Approach to Selectional Preferences Based on Preference Ranking and Propagation	We propose an adjusted preference ranking method to measure SP based on the popularity and association of predicate-argument pairs. It better correlates with human plausibility judgements. It also helps to discover similar predicates more precisely;	ACL	
A Random Walk Approach to Selectional Preferences Based on Preference Ranking and Propagation	We introduce a probability function for random walk based on the predicate distances. It controls the influence of nearby and distant predicates to achieve more accurate results;	ACL	
A Random Walk Approach to Selectional Preferences Based on Preference Ranking and Propagation	We find out that propagate the measured preferences of predicate-argument pairs is more proper and natural for SP smooth. It helps to improve the final performance significantly	ACL	
ImpAr: A Deterministic Algorithm for Implicit Semantic Role Labelling	We empirically prove that there exists a strong discourse relationship between the implicit and explicit argument fillers of the same predicates.	ACL	
ImpAr: A Deterministic Algorithm for Implicit Semantic Role Labelling	We propose a deterministic approach that exploits this discoursive property in order to obtain the fillers of implicit arguments.	ACL	
ImpAr: A Deterministic Algorithm for Implicit Semantic Role Labelling	We adapt to the implicit SRL problem a classic algorithm for pronoun resolution.	ACL	
ImpAr: A Deterministic Algorithm for Implicit Semantic Role Labelling	"We develop a robust algorithm, ImpAr, that obtains very competitive results with respect to existing supervised systems. We release an open source prototype implementing this algorithm"	ACL	
SPred: Large-scale Harvesting of Semantic Predicates	"We propose SPred, a novel approach which harvests predicates from Wikipedia and generalizes them by leveraging core concepts from WordNet."	ACL	
SPred: Large-scale Harvesting of Semantic Predicates	We create a large-scale resource made up of semantic predicates.	ACL	
SPred: Large-scale Harvesting of Semantic Predicates	"We demonstrate the high quality of our semantic predicates, as well as the generality of our approach, also in comparison with our closest competitor."	ACL	
Towards Robust Abstractive Multi-Document Summarization: A Caseframe Analysis of Centrality and Domain	"a novel in the following respects. First, our analyses are performed at the level of caseframes, rather at the level of words or syntactic dependencies as in previous work. Caseframes are shallow approximations of semantic roles which are well suited to characterizing a domain by its slots. Furthermore, we take a developmental rather than evaluative perspective—our goal is not to develop a new evaluation measure as defined by correlation with human responsiveness judgments."	ACL	
HEADY: News headline abstraction through event pattern clustering	"we present HEADY, which is at the same time a novel system for abstractive headline generation, and a smooth clustering of patterns describing the same events. HEADY is fully open-domain and can scale to web-sized data. By learning to generalize events across the boundaries of a single news story or news collection, HEADY produces compact and effective headlines that objectively convey the relevant information"	ACL	
ditional Random Fields for Responsive Surface Realisation using Global Features	"we propose to formulate surface realisation as a sequence labelling task. We use conditional random fields (Lafferty et al., 2001; Sutton and McCallum, 2006), which are suitable for modelling rich contexts, in combination with semantic trees for rich linguistic information."	ACL	
Two-Neighbor Orientation Model with Cross-Boundary Global Contexts	"We introduce a reordering model that incorporates such contextual information, named the TwoNeighbor Orientation (TNO) model"	ACL	
Two-Neighbor Orientation Model with Cross-Boundary Global Contexts	"practical method for integrating the TNO model into syntax-based translations. The integration is nontrivial since the decoding of syntax-based SMT proceeds in a bottom-up fashion, while our model is more natural for top-down parsing, thus the model’s full context sometimes is often available only at the latest stage of decoding."	ACL	
Two-Neighbor Orientation Model with Cross-Boundary Global Contexts	"We show the efficacy of our proposal in a largescale Chinese-to-English translation task where the introduction of our TNO model provides a significant gain over a state-of-the-art string-todependency SMT system (Shen et al., 2008) that we enhance with additional state-of-the-art features."	ACL	
Cut the noise: Mutually reinforcing reordering and alignments for improved machine translation	"we build upon the approach in (Visweswariah et al., 2011) which uses manual word alignments for learning a reordering model. Specifically, we show that we can significantly improve reordering performance by using a large number of sentence pairs for which manual word alignments are not available."	ACL	
Vector Space Model for Adaptation in Statistical Machine Translation	"proposed a new approach to domain adaptation in statistical machine translation, based on vector space models (VSMs). This approach measures the similarity between a vector representing a particular phrase pair in the phrase table and a vector representing the dev set, yielding a feature associated with that phrase pair that will be used by the decoder."	ACL	
"Align, Disambiguate and Walk: A Unified Approach for Measuring Semantic Similarity"	"we propose a new unified representation of the meaning of an arbitrarily-sized piece of text, referred to as a lexical item, using a sense-based probability distribution."	ACL	
"Align, Disambiguate and Walk: A Unified Approach for Measuring Semantic Similarity"	we propose a novel alignment-based method for word sense disambiguation during semantic comparison.	ACL	
"Align, Disambiguate and Walk: A Unified Approach for Measuring Semantic Similarity"	"we demonstrate that this single representation can achieve state-of-the-art performance on three similarity tasks, each operating at a different lexical level: (1) surpassing the highest scores on the SemEval-2012 task on textual similarity (Agirre et al., 2012) that compares sentences, (2) achieving a near-perfect performance on the TOEFL synonym selection task proposed by Landauer and Dumais (1997), which measures word pair similarity, and also obtaining state-of-the-art performance in terms of the correlation with human judgments on the RG-65 dataset (Rubenstein and Goodenough, 1965), and finally (3) surpassing the performance of Snow et al. (2007) in a sensecoarsening task that measures sense similarity."	ACL	
FrameNet on the Way to Babel: Creating a Bilingual FrameNet Using Wiktionary as Interlingual Connection	"We create a novel sense alignment between FrameNet and the English Wiktionary. It results in a multilingual FrameNet FNWKxx, which links FrameNet senses to lemmas in 280 languages."	ACL	
FrameNet on the Way to Babel: Creating a Bilingual FrameNet Using Wiktionary as Interlingual Connection	We create a sense-disambiguated English-German FrameNet lexicon FNWKde based on FNWKxx and translation disambiguation on the German Wiktionary	ACL	
FrameNet on the Way to Babel: Creating a Bilingual FrameNet Using Wiktionary as Interlingual Connection	We analyze the two resources and outline further steps for creating a multilingual FrameNet.	ACL	
Domain-Independent Abstract Generation for Focused Meeting Summarization	"To the best of our knowledge, our system is the first fully automatic system to generate natural language abstracts for spoken meetings."	ACL	
Domain-Independent Abstract Generation for Focused Meeting Summarization	"We present a novel template extraction algorithm, based on Multiple Sequence Alignment (MSA) (Durbin et al., 1998), to induce domain-independent templates that guide abstract generation. MSA is commonly used in bioinformatics to identify equivalent fragments of DNAs (Durbin et al., 1998) and has also been employed for learning paraphrases (Barzilay and Lee, 2003)."	ACL	
Domain-Independent Abstract Generation for Focused Meeting Summarization	"Although our framework requires labeled training data for each type of focused summary (decisions, problems, etc.), we also make initial tries for domain adaptation so that our summarization method does not need human-written abstracts for each new meeting domain (e.g. faculty meetings, theater group meetings, project group meetings)."	ACL	
A Statistical NLG Framework for Aggregated Planning and Realization	A statistical NLG system that combines document and sentence planning and surface realization into one single process	ACL	
A Statistical NLG Framework for Aggregated Planning and Realization	A new metric – syntactic variability – is proposed to measure the syntactic and morphological variability of the generated texts. We believe this is the first work to propose an automatic metric to measure linguistic variability of generated texts in NLG.	ACL	
Learning a Phrase-based Translation Model from Monolingual Data with Application to Domain Adaptation	"We proposes a simple but effective method to induce phrase pairs from monolingual data. Given the probabilistic bilingual lexicon and both-side monolingual data in the same domain, the method employs inverted index structure to represent the target-side monolingual data, and induce the translations for each distinct sourceside phrase with the help of the bilingual lexicon."	ACL	
SenseSpotting: Never let your parallel data tie you to an old domain	"we define a new task that we call SENSESPOTTING. The goal of this task is to identify words in a new domain monolingual text that appeared in old domain text but which have a new, previously unseen sense1 . We operate under the framework of phrase sense disambiguation (Carpuat and Wu, 2007), in which we take automatically align parallel data in an old domain to generate an initial old-domain sense inventory."	ACL	
BRAINSUP: Brainstorming Support for Creative Sentence Generation	"We present BRAINSUP, a novel system for creative sentence generation that allows users to control many aspects of the creativity process, from the presence of specific target words in the output, to the selection of a target domain, and to the injection of phonetic and semantic properties in the generated sentences"	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction Using Integer Linear Programming	"we formulate grammatical error correction as a task suited for joint inference. Given an input sentence, different types of errors are jointly corrected as follows."	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction Using Integer Linear Programming	"For every possible error correction, we assign a score which measures how grammatical the resulting sentence is if the correction is accepted."	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction Using Integer Linear Programming	We then choose a set of corrections which will result in a corrected sentence that is judged to be the most grammatical.	ACL	
Grammatical Error Correction Using Integer Linear Programming	"We evaluate our proposed ILP approach on the test data from the Helping Our Own (HOO) 2011 shared task (Dale and Kilgarriff, 2011)."	ACL	
Argument Inference from Relevant Event Mentions in Chinese Argument Extraction	"We propose a novel global argument inference model, in which various kinds of event relations are involved to infer more arguments on their semantic relations."	ACL	
Argument Inference from Relevant Event Mentions in Chinese Argument Extraction	"Different from Liao and Grishman (2010) and Hong et al. (2011), which only consider document-level consistency, we propose a more fine-gained consistency model to enforce the consistency in the sentence, discourse and document layers."	ACL	
Argument Inference from Relevant Event Mentions in Chinese Argument Extraction	We incorporate argument semantics into our global argument inference model to unify the semantics of the event and its arguments	ACL	
Fine-grained Semantic Typing of Emerging Entities	"a model for discovering and ontologically typing out-of-KB entities, using a fine-grained type system and harnessing relational paraphrases with type signatures for probabilistic weight computation. Crowdsourced quality assessments demonstrate the accuracy of our model"	ACL	
Embedding Semantic Similarity in Tree Kernels for Domain Adaptation of Relation Extraction	We proposed syntactic tree kernels enriched by lexical semantic similarity to tackle the portability of a relation extractor to different domains. The results of diverse kernels exploiting (i) Brown clustering and (ii) LSA show that a suitable combination of syntax and lexical generalization is very promising for domain adaptation.	ACL	
A joint model of word segmentation and phonological variation for English word-final /t/-deletion	"we describe an extension of the Bayesian models of Goldwater et al. (2009) that incorporates phonological rules to “explain away” surface variation. As a concrete example, we focus on word-final /t/- deletion in English, although our approach is not limited to this case"	ACL	
A joint model of word segmentation and phonological variation for English word-final /t/-deletion	We also examine how well our models identify the probability of /t/- deletion in different contexts	ACL	
Unsupervised Consonant-Vowel Prediction over Hundreds of Languages	we present a successful solution to one aspect of the decipherment puzzle: automatically identifying basic phonetic properties of letters in an unknown alphabetic writing system. Our key idea is to use knowledge of the phonetic regularities encoded in known language vocabularies to automatically build a universal probabilistic model to successfully decode new languages	ACL	
Named Entity Recognition using Cross-lingual Resources: Arabic as an Example	Using cross-lingual links to exploit orthographic features in other languages.	ACL	
Named Entity Recognition using Cross-lingual Resources: Arabic as an Example	Employing transliteration mining to improve NER	ACL	
Named Entity Recognition using Cross-lingual Resources: Arabic as an Example	"Using cross-lingual links to exploit a large knowledge base, namely English DBpedia, to benefit NER."	ACL	
Named Entity Recognition using Cross-lingual Resources: Arabic as an Example	Introducing two new NER test sets for Arabic that include recent news as well as microblogs. We plan to release these test sets.	ACL	
Named Entity Recognition using Cross-lingual Resources: Arabic as an Example	"Improving over the best reported results in the literature by 4.1% (Abdul-Hamid and Darwish, 2010) by strictly adding cross-lingual features. We also show improvements of 17.1% and 20.5% on the new test sets."	ACL	
Beam Search for Solving Substitution Ciphers	"we present an effective beam search algorithm which provides high decipherment accuracies while having low computational requirements. The proposed approach allows using high order n-gram language models, is scalable to large vocabulary sizes and can be adjusted to account for a given amount of computational resources."	ACL	
Social Text Normalization using Contextual Graph Random Walks	we introduce a social media text normalization system which addresses the challenges mentioned above. The proposed system is based on constructing a lattice from possible normalization candidates and finding the best normalization sequence according to an n-gram language model using a Viterbi decoder.	ACL	
Social Text Normalization using Contextual Graph Random Walks	We propose an unsupervised approach to learn the normalization candidates from unlabeled text data. The proposed approach uses Random Walks on a contextual similarity graph constructed form n-gram sequences on large unlabeled text corpus.	ACL	
Machine Translation Detection from Monolingual Web-Text	"we propose a method for automatically detecting Web-text translated by SMT systems.unlike previous studies that use parallel text and bilingual features, such as (Rarrick et al., 2011), our method only requires monolingual text as input. Therefore, our method can be used in monolingual Web data mining where bilingual information is unavailable."	ACL	
Machine Translation Detection from Monolingual Web-Text	"the proposed features are designed to be computationally light so that the method is suitable for handling a large-scale Web-mined data. Our method determines if an input sentence contains phrase salads using a simple yet effective features, i.e., language models (LMs) and automatically obtained non-contiguous phrases that are frequently used by people but difficult for SMT systems to generate."	ACL	
Machine Translation Detection from Monolingual Web-Text	"our method computes features using both human-generated text and SMT results to capture a phrase salad by contrasting these features, which significantly improves detection accuracy."	ACL	
Paraphrase-Driven Learning for Open Question Answering	"a new learning approach that scalably sifts through this paraphrase noise, learning to answer a broad class of factual questions. We focus on answering open-domain questions that can be answered with single-relation queries, e.g. all of the paraphrases of “Who wrote Winnie the Pooh?” and “What cures a hangover?”"	ACL	
"A Bayesian Model for Joint Unsupervised Induction of Sentiment, Aspect and Discourse Representations"	proposing a general way of how discourse information can be integrated in any LDA-style discourse-agnostic model of aspect and sentiment.	ACL	
Lightly Supervised Learning of Procedural Dialog Systems	to show that such systems can be built without the help of knowledge engineers or domain experts.	ACL	
Lightly Supervised Learning of Procedural Dialog Systems	"We present new approaches for both of our core problems. First, we introduce a method for learning to map instructions to tree representations of the procedures they describe. Nodes in the tree represent points of interaction with the questions the system can ask the user, while edges represent user responses. Next, we present an approach that uses example user intent statements to simulate dialog interactions, and learns how to best map user utterances to nodes in these induced dialog trees."	ACL	
Offspring from Reproduction Problems: What Replication Failure Teaches Us	An in-depth analysis of two reproduction use cases in NLP	ACL	
Offspring from Reproduction Problems: What Replication Failure Teaches Us	"New insights into the state-of-the-art results for WordNet similarities and NER, found because of problems in reproducing prior research"	ACL	
Offspring from Reproduction Problems: What Replication Failure Teaches Us	A categorisation of aspects influencing reproduction of experiments and suggestions on testing their influence systematically	ACL	
Crowd Prefers the Middle Path: A New IAA Metric for Crowdsourcing Reveals Turker Biases in Query Segmentation	"the formulation of a new IAA metric for comparing across flat and nested segmentations, especially for crowdsourcing based annotations. Since trees are commonly used across various linguistic annotations, this metric can have wide applicability."	ACL	
Question Answering Using Enhanced Lexical Semantic Models	"by incorporating the abundant information from a variety of lexical semantic models, the answer selection system can be enhanced substantially, regardless of the choice of learning algorithms and settings"	ACL	
Question Answering Using Enhanced Lexical Semantic Models	"while the latent alignment model performs better than unstructured models, the difference diminishes after adding the enhanced lexical semantics information. This may suggest that compared to introducing complex structured constraints, incorporating shallow semantic information is both more effective and computationally inexpensive in improving the performance, at least for the specific word alignment model tested in this work."	ACL	
Connotation Lexicon: A Dash of Sentiment Beneath the Surface Meaning	"a broadcoverage connotation lexicon that determines the connotative polarity of even those words with ever so subtle connotation beneath their surface meaning, such as “Literature”, “Mediterranean”, and “wine”."	ACL	
Translating Dialectal Arabic to English	We trained an Egyptian/MSA transformation model to make Egyptian look similar to MSA. We publicly released the training data.	ACL	
Translating Dialectal Arabic to English	"We built a phrasal Machine Translation (MT) system on adapted Egyptian/English parallel data, which outperformed a non-adapted baseline by 1.87 BLEU points"	ACL	
Translating Dialectal Arabic to English	"We used phrase-table merging (Nakov and Ng, 2009) to utilize MSA/English parallel data with the available in-domain parallel data."	ACL	
Exact Maximum Inference for the Fertility Hidden Markov Model	r introduces a method for exact MAP inference with the fertility HMM using dual decomposition.	ACL	
Exploiting Topic based Twitter Sentiment for Stock Prediction	we propose a non-parametric topic-based sentiment time series approach to analyzing the streaming Twitter data. The key motivation here is that Twitter’s streaming messages reflect fresh sentiments of people which are likely to be correlated with stocks in a short time frame.	ACL	
Exploiting Topic based Twitter Sentiment for Stock Prediction	We also analyze the effect of training window size which best fits the temporal dynamics of stocks	ACL	
Learning Entity Representation for Entity Disambiguation	"We propose a deep learning approach that automatically learns context-entity similarity measure for entity disambiguation. The intermediate representations are learned leveraging large scale annotations of Wikipedia, without any manual effort of designing features"	ACL	
Semantic Parsing as Machine Translation	"We develop a semantic parser using off-the-shelf MT components, exploring phrase-based as well as hierarchical models."	ACL	
An Empirical Study on Uncertainty Identification in Social Media Context	we propose a novel uncertainty classification scheme and construct the first uncertainty corpus based on social media data – tweets in specific here.	ACL	
An Empirical Study on Uncertainty Identification in Social Media Context	we conduct experiments for uncertainty post identification and study the effectiveness of different categories of features based on the generated corpus.	ACL	
PARMA: A Predicate Argument Aligner	"We introduce PARMA, a system for crossdocument, semantic predicate and argument alignment. Our PARMA: A Predicate Argument Aligner combines a number of linguistic resources familiar to researchers in areas such as recognizing textual entailment and question answering, integrating them into a simple discriminative model."	ACL	
Aggregated Word Pair Features for Implicit Discourse Relation Disambiguation	We presented an aggregated approach to word pair features and showed that it outperforms the previous formulation for all relation types but contingency.	ACL	
Learning to Order Natural Language Texts	we propose a method for ordering sentences which have no contextual information by making use of Ranking SVM and the genetic algorithm.	ACL	
Joint Inference for Heterogeneous Dependency Parsing	"We proposed a novel framework of joint inference, in which multiple dependency parsing models were coordinated to search for better dependency parses by leveraging the consensus information between heterogeneous treebanks."	ACL	
GuiTAR-based Pronominal Anaphora Resolution in Bengali	to develop required resources for Bengali and thereby providing them to GuiTAR for anaphora resolution. Our contribution also includes extension of the ICON2011 AR dataset for Bengali so that evaluation could be done on a bigger sized dataset.	ACL	
On the Predictability of Human Assessment: when Matrix Completion Meets NLP Evaluation	we show how knowing the full score matrix instead of a single score for each example provides a more reliable estimation of a system quality (Section 3)	ACL	
On the Predictability of Human Assessment: when Matrix Completion Meets NLP Evaluation	we present preliminary experiments showing that missing data techniques can be used to recover the score matrix from a sample of its entries despite the low inter-rater agreement (Section 4).	ACL	
An Improved MDL-Based Compression Algorithm for Unsupervised Word Segmentation	a novel extension to the regularized compressor algorithm.	ACL	
An Improved MDL-Based Compression Algorithm for Unsupervised Word Segmentation	"We propose a lower-bound approximate to the original objective and show that, through analysis and experimentation, this amendment improves segmentation performance and runtime efficiency."	ACL	
Is word-to-phone mapping better than phone-phone mapping for handling English words?	we present a method of automatically learning word-phone mapping rules for synthesizing foreign words occurring in text.	ACL	
Enriching Entity Translation Discovery using Selective Temporality	building an automatic classifier to distinguish temporal and atemporal entities then align them in separate procedures to boost translation accuracy by 6.1%.	ACL	
Combination of Recurrent Neural Networks and Factored Language Models for Code-Switching Language Modeling	the application of RNNLMs and FLMs to the challenging task of Code-Switching.	ACL	
Combination of Recurrent Neural Networks and Factored Language Models for Code-Switching Language Modeling	the two different models are combined using linear interpolation.	ACL	
Combination of Recurrent Neural Networks and Factored Language Models for Code-Switching Language Modeling	a comparison between them is provided including a detailed analysis to explain their results.	ACL	
TopicSpam: a Topic-Model-Based Approach for Spam Detection	"we propose a Bayesian approach called TopicSpam for deceptive review detection. Our approach, which is a variation of Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) (Blei et al., 2003), aims to detect the subtle differences between the topic-word distributions of deceptive reviews vs. truthful ones"	ACL	
Semantic Neighborhoods as Hypergraphs	We have presented a method for automatically constructing compact representations of linguistic variation.	ACL	
Unsupervised joke generation from big data	"is to the best of our knowledge, the first fully unsupervised joke generation system. We rely only on large quantities of unlabeled data, suggesting that generating jokes does not always require deep semantic understanding, as usually thought."	ACL	
Modeling of term-distance and term-occurrence information for improving n-gram language model performance	"We have proposed a new approach to compute the n-gram probabilities, based on the TD and TO model components."	ACL	
Discriminative Approach to Fill-in-the-Blank Quiz Generation for Language Learners	we present methods for generating reliable and valid distractors	ACL	
Discriminative Approach to Fill-in-the-Blank Quiz Generation for Language Learners	we also demonstrate the effectiveness of ESL corpus and discriminative models on distractor generation.	ACL	
“Let Everything Turn Well in Your Wife”: Generation of Adult Humor Using Lexical Constraints	"we propose a method for automated generation of adult humor by lexical replacement. We consider a setting where a short text is provided to the system, such as an instant message, and the task is to make the text funny by replacing one word in it."	ACL	
“Let Everything Turn Well in Your Wife”: Generation of Adult Humor Using Lexical Constraints	"We propose three types of lexical constraints as building blocks of humorous word substitution. (1) The form constraints turn the text into a pun. The constraints thus concern the similarity of sounds or spellings of the original word and the substitute. (2) The taboo constraint requires the substitute to be a taboo word. This is a well-known feature in some jokes. We hypothesize that the effectiveness of humorous lexical replacement can be increased with the introduction of taboo constraints. (3) Finally, the context constraints concern the position and context of the replacement."	ACL	
“Let Everything Turn Well in Your Wife”: Generation of Adult Humor Using Lexical Constraints	We evaluated the above hypotheses empirically by generating 300 modified versions of SMS messages and having each of them evaluated by 90 subjects using a crowdsourcing platform.	ACL	
IndoNet: A Multilingual Lexical Knowledge Network for Indian Languages	We propose an architecture to link lexical resources of Indian languages	ACL	
IndoNet: A Multilingual Lexical Knowledge Network for Indian Languages	We propose modifications in Lexical Markup Framework to create a linked structure of multilingual lexical resources and ontology.	ACL	
Using Lexical Expansion to Learn Inference Rules from Sparse Data	"We propose to improve the learning of inference rules between infrequent predicate templates with sparse argument vectors by utilizing a novel scheme that lexically expands argument vectors with semantically similar words. Similarities between argument words are discovered using a dual distributional representation, in which templates are the features."	ACL	
Using Lexical Expansion to Learn Inference Rules from Sparse Data	We tested the performance of our expansion approach on rule application datasets that were biased towards rare templates	ACL	
Mining Equivalent Relations from Linked Data	a novel method to discover equivalent groups of relations for Linked Data concepts. It consists of two components: 1) a measure of equivalency between pairs of relations of a concept and 2) a clustering process to group equivalent relations.	ACL	
Sorani Kurdish versus Kurmanji Kurdish: An Empirical Comparison	we report on the construction of the first relatively-large and publicly-available text corpus for the Kurdish language	ACL	
Sorani Kurdish versus Kurmanji Kurdish: An Empirical Comparison	"we present some insights into the orthographic, phonological, and morphological differences between Sorani Kurdish and Kurmanji Kurdish"	ACL	
Enhanced and Portable Dependency Projection Algorithms Using Interlinear Glossed Text	we propose a middle ground between manually creating a large-scale treebank (which is expensive and time-consuming) and relying on the syntactic structures produced by a projection algorithm alone (which are error-prone).	ACL	
Cross-lingual Projections between Languages from Different Families	"build an accurate projection method with strong generality to various pairs of languages. We built the method on top of projection method based on word alignments because of its advantage of being less affected by syntactic differences, and proposed two solutions to solve the above two difficulties of this type of methods"	ACL	
Using Context Vectors in Improving a Machine Translation System with Bridge Language	we decrease the size of the produced phrase table and improve the performance of the system.Our pruning method is different from the method that Saralegi (2011) has used. He has pruned the phrase table by computing distributional similarity from comparable corpora or by the structure of source dictionaries. Here we use context vectors to determine the concept of phrases and we use the pivot language to compare source and target vectors.	ACL	
Task Alternation in Parallel Sentence Retrieval for Twitter Translation	We presented a method that makes translationbased CLIR feasible for mining parallel sentences from large amounts of comparable data. The key of our approach is a translation-based high-quality retrieval model which gradually adapts to the target domain by iteratively re-training the underlying SMT model on a few thousand parallel sentences retrieved in the step before.	ACL	
Stacking for Statistical Machine Translation∗	"we propose a method to adopt stacking (Wolpert, 1992), an ensemble learning technique, to SMT. We manipulate the full set of training data, creating k disjoint sets of held-out and held-in data sets as in k-fold cross-validation and build a model on each partition."	ACL	
Stacking for Statistical Machine Translation∗	We then create a strong model by stacking another meta-learner on top of weak models to combine them into a single model.	ACL	
Learning to Prune: Context-Sensitive Pruning for Syntactic MT	we demonstrate such methods can be applied to synchronous-grammar parsing by labelling the source-side alone. This is achieved through a novel training scheme where the labelling models are trained over the word-aligned bitext and gold-standard pruning labels are obtained by projecting target-side constituents to the source words.	ACL	
A Novel Graph-based Compact Representation of Word Alignment	"a novel compact representation of word alignment, named weighted bipartite hypergraph, to exploit the relations among alignment links."	ACL	
Stem Translation with Affix-Based Rule Selection for Agglutinative Languages	we propose a novel framework for agglutinative language translation by treating stem and affix differently.	ACL	
Stem Translation with Affix-Based Rule Selection for Agglutinative Languages	We employ the stem sequence as the main part for training and decoding. B	ACL	
Stem Translation with Affix-Based Rule Selection for Agglutinative Languages	"we associate each stem-granularity translation rule with an affix distribution, which could be used to make better translation decisions by calculating the affix distribution similarity between the rule and the instance to be translated."	ACL	
Stem Translation with Affix-Based Rule Selection for Agglutinative Languages	"We conduct our model on three different language pairs, all of which substantially improved the translation performance."	ACL	
Bilingual Lexical Cohesion Trigger Model for Document-Level Machine Translation	We propose a bilingual lexical cohesion trigger model to capture lexical cohesion for document-level SMT.	ACL	
Bilingual Lexical Cohesion Trigger Model for Document-Level Machine Translation	We integrate this model into a hierarchical phrase-based SMT system.	ACL	
A Tightly-coupled Unsupervised Clustering and Bilingual Alignment Model for Transliteration	we propose an elegant unsupervised technique for monotonic sequence alignment based on a single generative model.	ACL	
Semantic Roles for String to Tree Machine Translation	"We proposed two methods for incorporating semantic role labels in a string-to-tree machine translation system, by learning translation rules that are semantically enriched."	ACL	
Minimum Bayes Risk based Answer Re-ranking for Question Answering	"we present two MBR-based answer re-ranking approaches for QA. Comparing to previous methods, MBRAR provides a systematic way to re-rank answers from either single or multiple QA systems, without considering their heterogeneous implementations of internal components."	ACL	
Question Classification Transfer	comparison of train-on-target and test-onsource strategies for question classification;	ACL	
Question Classification Transfer	"creation of an effective question classification system for French, with minimal annotation effort."	ACL	
Latent Semantic Tensor Indexing for Community-based Question Answering	"we propose a novel unified retrieval model for CQA, latent semantic tensor indexing (LSTI), which is an extension of the conventional latent semantic indexing (LSI) (Deerwester et al., 1990)."	ACL	
Modeling Human Inference Process for Textual Entailment Recognition	we introduce linguistic phenomena used by annotators in the inference process and point out five significant negative entailment phenomena.	ACL	
Modeling Human Inference Process for Textual Entailment Recognition	"proposes a method to extract them from T-H pairs automatically, and discuss their effects on TE recognition."	ACL	
Recognizing Partial Textual Entailment	we presented an empirical attempt to tackle the problem of partial textual entailment. We demonstrated that existing methods for recognizing (complete) textual entailment can be successfully adapted to this setting.	ACL	
Sentence Level Dialect Identification in Arabic	"We propose a supervised approach for identifying whether a given sentence is prevalently MSA or Egyptian DA (EDA). The system uses the approach that was presented in (Elfardy et al., 2013) to perform token dialect identification."	ACL	
Leveraging Domain-Independent Information in Semantic Parsing	we took a first step towards a new kind of generalization in semantic parsing: constructing a model that is able to generalize to a new domain defined over a different set of symbols.	ACL	
A Structured Distributional Semantic Model for Event Co-reference	We outlined an approach that introduces structure into distributed semantic representations gives us an ability to compare the identity of two representations derived from supposedly semantically identical phrases with different surface realizations	ACL	
Text Classification from Positive and Unlabeled Data using Misclassified Data Correction	"we propose a method for eliminating the need for manually collecting training documents, especially annotating negative training documents based on supervised ML techniques."	ACL	
A Novel Text Classifier Based on Quantum Computation	We present here our model of text classification and compare it with SVM and KNN on two datasets.	ACL	
Re-embedding Words	We presented a novel approach to adapting existing word vectors for improving performance in a text classification task.	ACL	
LABR: A Large Scale Arabic Book Reviews Dataset	We present the largest Arabic sentiment analysis dataset to-date (up to our knowledge)	ACL	
LABR: A Large Scale Arabic Book Reviews Dataset	We provide standard splits for the dataset into training and testing sets.	ACL	
LABR: A Large Scale Arabic Book Reviews Dataset	"We explore the structure and properties of the dataset, and perform baseline experiments for two tasks: sentiment polarity classification and rating classification."	ACL	
Generating Recommendation Dialogs by Extracting Information from User Reviews	"we describe and qualitatively evaluate a framework for generating new, highly-relevant questions from user review texts.The framework makes use of techniques from topic modeling and sentiment-based aspect extraction to identify fine grained attributes for each business."	ACL	
Generating Recommendation Dialogs by Extracting Information from User Reviews	we use a method based on information gain for dynamically ranking candidate questions during dialog production. This allows our system to select the most informative question at each dialog step.	ACL	
Exploring Sentiment in Social Media: Bootstrapping Subjectivity Clues from Multilingual Twitter Streams	We propose a scalable and language independent bootstrapping approach for learning subjectivity clues from Twitter streams.	ACL	
Exploring Sentiment in Social Media: Bootstrapping Subjectivity Clues from Multilingual Twitter Streams	We demonstrate the effectiveness of the bootstrapping procedure by comparing the resulting subjectivity lexicons with state-of the-art sentiment lexicons.	ACL	
Exploring Sentiment in Social Media: Bootstrapping Subjectivity Clues from Multilingual Twitter Streams	We perform error analysis to address the most common error types in the future.	ACL	
An Annotated Corpus of Quoted Opinions in News Articles	"we construct a fully labelled corpus, which can be used to evaluate systems that perform the task described above. To build this corpus we employed three annotators, one of whom is an author, while the other two were hired using the outsourcing website Freelancer."	ACL	
Dual Training and Dual Prediction for Polarity Classification	"we propose a novel approach, called dual training and dual prediction (DTDP), to address the polarity shift problem. By taking advantage of the unique nature of polarity classification, DTDP is motivated by first generating artificial samples that are polarity-opposite to the original ones."	ACL	
Neighbors Help: Bilingual Unsupervised WSD Using Context	"We have presented a context aware EM formulation building on the framework of Khapra et al (2011). Our formulation solves the problems of “inhibited progress due to lack of translation diversity” and “uniform sense assignment, irrespective of context” that the previous EM based formulation of Khapra et al. suffers from."	ACL	
Reducing Annotation Effort for Quality Estimation via Active Learning	We have presented the first known experiments using active learning for the task of estimating machine translation quality	ACL	
Reranking with Linguistic and Semantic Features for Arabic Optical Character Recognition	We presented a set of experiments on incorporating features into an existing OCR system via nbest list reranking.	ACL	
Reranking with Linguistic and Semantic Features for Arabic Optical Character Recognition	We compared several learning to rank techniques and combined them using an ensemble technique	ACL	
Evolutionary Hierarchical Dirichlet Process for Timeline Summarization	we propose EHDP: a evolutionary hierarchical Dirichlet process (HDP) model for timeline summarization.	ACL	
Evolutionary Hierarchical Dirichlet Process for Timeline Summarization	We built the evaluation systems which contain 6 real datasets and performance of different models is evaluated according to the ROUGE metrics.	ACL	
Using Integer Linear Programming in Concept-to-Text Generation to Produce More Compact Texts	"We present an Integer Linear Programming (ILP) model that combines content selection, lexicalization, and sentence aggregation."	ACL	
Sequential Summarization: A New Application for Timely Updated Twitter Trending Topics	A novel approaches to sequential summarization and corresponding evaluation criteria for this new application.	ACL	
A System for Summarizing Scientific Topics Starting from Keywords	We collected 47 gold standard documents (surveys and tutorials) on seven topics in Natural Language Processing and extracted factoids for each topic.	ACL	
A System for Summarizing Scientific Topics Starting from Keywords	"we manually annotated 2,625 input sentences, about 375 sentences per topic, with the factoids extracted from the gold standard documents for each topic."	ACL	
A Unified Morpho-Syntactic Scheme of Stanford Dependencies	"We offer a principled treatment of annotating MRLs via a Unified-SD scheme, which we design to be applicable to many languages"	ACL	
A Unified Morpho-Syntactic Scheme of Stanford Dependencies	"We deliver new U-SD annotated resources for the MRL Modern Hebrew, in different formal types."	ACL	
A Unified Morpho-Syntactic Scheme of Stanford Dependencies	We finally present two systems that automatically predict U-SD annotations for raw texts.	ACL	
Dependency Parser Adaptation with Subtrees from Auto-Parsed Target Domain Data	we propose a feature augmentation approach for dependency parser adaptation which constructs new features based on subtree information extracted from auto-parsed data from the target domain.	ACL	
Dependency Parser Adaptation with Subtrees from Auto-Parsed Target Domain Data	We distinguish the source and target domains by adding the new features only to the data from the target domain.	ACL	
Nonparametric Bayesian Inference and Efficient Parsing for Tree-adjoining Grammars	"We described a nonparametric Bayesian inference scheme for estimating TAG grammars and showed the power of TAG formalism over TSG for returning rich, generalizable, yet compact representations of data."	ACL	
Using CCG categories to improve Hindi dependency parsing	We have presented an approach for automatically extracting a CCG lexicon from a dependency treebank for Hindi.	ACL	
Using CCG categories to improve Hindi dependency parsing	We have also presented a novel way of creating a CCGbank from a dependency treebank using a CCG parser and the CCG lexicon.	ACL	
Turning on the Turbo: Fast Third-Order Non-Projective Turbo Parsers	We apply the third-order feature models of Koo and Collins (2010) to non-projective parsing.	ACL	
Turning on the Turbo: Fast Third-Order Non-Projective Turbo Parsers	"This extension is non-trivial since exact dynamic programming is not applicable. Instead, we adapt AD3 , the dual decomposition algorithm proposed by Martins et al. (2011), to handle third-order features, by introducing specialized head automata."	ACL	
Turning on the Turbo: Fast Third-Order Non-Projective Turbo Parsers	We make our parser substantially faster than the many-components approach of Martins et al. (2011).	ACL	
"A Lattice-based Framework for Joint Chinese Word Segmentation, POS Tagging and Parsing"	"we present a novel lattice-based framework for Chinese. An input Chinese sentence is first segmented into a word lattice, which is a compact representation of a small set of high-quality word segmentations."	ACL	
"A Lattice-based Framework for Joint Chinese Word Segmentation, POS Tagging and Parsing"	a lattice-based POS tagger and a lattice-based parser are used to process the word lattice from two different viewpoints.	ACL	
"A Lattice-based Framework for Joint Chinese Word Segmentation, POS Tagging and Parsing"	"We next employ the dual decomposition method to exploit the complementary strengths of the tagger and parser, and encourage them to predict agreed structures."	ACL	
Simpler unsupervised POS tagging with bilingual projections	we propose an unsupervised approach to POS tagging in a similar vein to the work of Das and Petrov (2011).	ACL	
Part-of-speech tagging with antagonistic adversaries	We presented a discriminative learning algorithms for cross-domain structured prediction that seems more robust to covariate shifts than previous approaches.	ACL	
Diverse Keyword Extraction from Conversations	"we propose a new method for keyword extraction that rewards both word similarity, to extract the most representative words, and word diversity, to cover several topics if necessary."	ACL	
Filling Knowledge Base Gaps for Distant Supervision of Relation Extraction	proposes a novel approach to address an overlooked problem in distant supervision: the knowledge base is often incomplete causing numerous false negatives in the training data.	ACL	
Joint Apposition Extraction with Syntactic and Semantic Constraints	We present three apposition extraction techniques. Linguistic tests for apposition motivate strict syntactic constraints on candidates and semantic features encode the addition of compatible information.	ACL	
Adaptation Data Selection using Neural Language Models: Experiments in Machine Translation	"We perform an evaluation of neural LMs for adaptation data selection, based on the hypothesis that their continuous vector representations are effective at comparing general-domain sentences, which contain frequent unknown words."	ACL	
Mapping Source to Target Strings without Alignment by Analogical Learning: A Case Study with Transliteration	we investigate the relevance of analogical learning for English proper name transliteration into Chinese.	ACL	
Mapping Source to Target Strings without Alignment by Analogical Learning: A Case Study with Transliteration	"We compare it to the statistical phrase-based machine translation approach (Koehn et al., 2003) initially proposed for transliteration by Finch and Sumita (2010)"	ACL	
Incremental Topic-Based Translation Model Adaptation for Conversational Spoken Language Translation	we describe a novel topic-based adaptation technique for phrase-based statistical machine translation (SMT) of spoken conversations.	ACL	
A Lightweight and High Performance Monolingual Word Aligner	"We presented a model for monolingual sentence alignment that gives state-of-the-art performance, and is significantly faster than prior work."	ACL	
A Lightweight and High Performance Monolingual Word Aligner	"We release our implementation as the first open-source monolingual aligner, which we hope to be of benefit to other researchers in the rapidly expanding area of natural language inference."	ACL	
A Learner Corpus-based Approach to Verb Suggestion for ESL	we propose to use error patterns in ESL writing for verb suggestion task by using candidate sets and a domain adaptation technique.	ACL	
Learning Semantic Textual Similarity with Structural Representations	it provides a convincing evidence that adding structural features automatically extracted by structural kernels yields a significant improvement in accuracy	ACL	
Learning Semantic Textual Similarity with Structural Representations	"we define a combination kernel that integrates both structural and feature vector representations within a single scoring model, e.g., Support Vector Regression"	ACL	
Learning Semantic Textual Similarity with Structural Representations	we provide a simple way to construct relational structural models that can be built using off-the-shelf NLP tools	ACL	
Learning Semantic Textual Similarity with Structural Representations	we experiment with four structural representations and show that constituency and dependency trees represent the best source for learning structural relationships	ACL	
Learning Semantic Textual Similarity with Structural Representations	"using a classifier stacking approach, structural models can be easily combined and integrated into existing feature-based STS models."	ACL	
Derivational Smoothing for Syntactic Distributional Semantics	"we propose a novel strategy for combating sparsity in syntactic vector spaces, derivational smoothing. It follows the intuition that derivationally related words (feed – feeder, blocked – blockage) are, as a rule, semantically highly similar."	ACL	
Derivational Smoothing for Syntactic Distributional Semantics	We present a set of general methods for smoothing vector similarity computations given a resource that groups words into derivational families (equivalence classes) and evaluate these methods on German for two distributional tasks (similarity prediction and synonym choice).	ACL	
Outsourcing FrameNet to the Crowd	we present a pilot study in which we assess to what extent role descriptions meant for ‘linguistics experts’ are also suitable for annotators from the crowd.	ACL	
Outsourcing FrameNet to the Crowd	"we show how a simplified version of these descriptions, less bounded to a specific linguistic theory, improve the annotation quality"	ACL	
Smatch: an Evaluation Metric for Semantic Feature Structures	"We present an evaluation metric for wholesentence semantic analysis, and show that it can be computed efficiently."	ACL	
Smatch: an Evaluation Metric for Semantic Feature Structures	"We use the metric to measure semantic annotation agreement rates and parsing accuracy. In the future, we plan to investigate how to adapt smatch to other semantic representations."	ACL	
Variable Bit Quantisation for LSH	We introduce a scheme for optimally allocating a variable number of bits per LSH hyperplane.	ACL	
Context Vector Disambiguation for Bilingual Lexicon Extraction from Comparable Corpora	we present a novel approach that addresses the word polysemy problem neglected in the standard approach	ACL	
Context Vector Disambiguation for Bilingual Lexicon Extraction from Comparable Corpora	We introduce a Word Sense Disambiguation (WSD) process that identifies the translations of polysemous words that are more likely to give the best representation of context vectors in the target language.	ACL	
Context Vector Disambiguation for Bilingual Lexicon Extraction from Comparable Corpora	We test our approach on two specialized French-English comparable corpora (financial and medical) and report improved results compared to two state-of-the-art approaches.	ACL	
The Effects of Lexical Resource Quality on Preference Violation Detection	"we present DAVID (Detector of Arguments of Verbs with Incompatible Denotations), a resource-based system for detecting preference violations."	ACL	
An Information Theoretic Approach to Bilingual Word Clustering	We propose a novel bilingual word clustering objective (§2). The first term deals with each language independently and ensures that the data is well-explained by the clustering in a sequence model (§2.1). The second term ensures that the cluster alignments induced by a word alignment have high mutual information across languages (§2.2).	ACL	
Recognizing Identical Events with Graph Kernels	"We proposed a novel approach for recognizing identical events that relies on structured, graphbased representations of events described in a document."	ACL	
Recognizing Identical Events with Graph Kernels	We use graph kernels as an expressive framework for modeling the similarity between structured events.	ACL	
Automatic Term Ambiguity Detection	"r introduced the term ambiguity detection task, which detects whether a term is ambiguous relative to a topical domain. Unlike other ambiguity resolution tasks, the ambiguity detection problem makes general ambiguity judgments about terms, rather than resolving individual instances"	ACL	
Towards Accurate Distant Supervision for Relational Facts Extraction	we point out and analyze some critical factors in DS which have great impact on the accuracy but has not been touched or well handled before.	ACL	
Towards Accurate Distant Supervision for Relational Facts Extraction	We propose an approach to handle these factors.	ACL	
Are School-of-thought Words Characterizable?	"proposes a probabilistic generative model SOT for characterizing school-of-thought words. In SOT, a school of thought is modeled as a distribution of topics, with the latter defined as a distribution of topical words."	ACL	
Identifying Opinion Subgroups in Arabic Online Discussions	we presented a system for identifying opinion subgroups in Arabic online discussions. The system uses opinion and text similarity features to encode discussants’ opinions	ACL	
Identifying Opinion Subgroups in Arabic Online Discussions	Two approaches were explored for detecting subgroups. The first approach clusters a space of discussant opinion vectors. The second approach partitions a signed network representation of the discussion.	ACL	
Extracting Events with Informal Temporal References in Personal Histories in Online Communities	We present a system for extracting the dates of illness events (year and month of the event occurrence) from posting histories in the context of an online medical support community.	ACL	
Multimodal DBN for Predicting High-Quality Answers in cQA portals	we address the problem for predicting cQA answer quality as a classification task.	ACL	
Multimodal DBN for Predicting High-Quality Answers in cQA portals	"We propose a multimodal deep belief nets based approach that operates in two stages: First, the joint representation is learned by taking both textual and non-textual features into a deep learning network. Then, the joint representation learned by the network is used as input features for a linear classifier."	ACL	
Identifying Sentiment Words Using an Optimization-based Model without Seed Words	"We propose an effective optimization-based model, WEED, to identify sentiment words from the corpus without seed words. The algorithm exploits the sentiment information provided by the documents."	ACL	
Explicit and Implicit Syntactic Features for Text Classification	"is to show that an explicit syntactic feature set performs as well or better than tree kernels on each tested task, and in orders of magnitude less time."	ACL	
Computerized Analysis of a Verbal Fluency Test	"We present a system for automated phonetic clustering analysis of cognitive tests of phonemic verbal fluency, on which one must name words starting with a specific letter (e.g., ‘F’) for one minute."	ACL	
Learning to Translate with Multiple Objectives	"We introduce PMO (Pareto-based Multiobjective Optimization), a general approach for learning with multiple metrics. Existing singleobjective methods can be easily extended to multi-objective using PMO."	ACL	
Learning to Translate with Multiple Objectives	"We show that PMO outperforms the alternative (single-objective optimization of linearlycombined metrics) in multi-objective space, and especially obtains stronger results for metrics that may be difficult to tune individually."	ACL	
Prediction of Learning Curves in Machine Translation	"An extensive study across six parametric function families, empirically establishing that a certain three-parameter power-law family is well suited for modeling learning curves for the Moses SMT system when the evaluation score is BLEU. Our methodology can be easily generalized to other systems and evaluation scores (Section 3)"	ACL	
Prediction of Learning Curves in Machine Translation	"A method for inferring learning curves based on features computed from the resources available in scenario S1, suitable for both the scenarios described above (S1) and (S2) (Section 4);"	ACL	
Prediction of Learning Curves in Machine Translation	"A method for extrapolating the learning curve from a few measurements, suitable for scenario S2 (Section 5);"	ACL	
Prediction of Learning Curves in Machine Translation	"A method for combining the two approaches above, achieving on S2 better prediction accuracy than either of the two in isolation (Section 6)."	ACL	
Extracting Narrative Timelines as Temporal Dependency Structures	We propose a new approach to characterizing temporal structure via dependency trees.	ACL	
Extracting Narrative Timelines as Temporal Dependency Structures	We produce an annotated corpus of temporal dependency trees in children’s stories.	ACL	
Extracting Narrative Timelines as Temporal Dependency Structures	We design a non-projective dependency parser for inferring timelines from text.	ACL	
Efficient Tree-based Approximation for Entailment Graph Learning	we define a novel modeling assumption about the tree-like structure of entailment graphs and demonstrate its validity.	ACL	
Efficient Tree-based Approximation for Entailment Graph Learning	we exploit this assumption to develop a polynomial approximation algorithm for learning entailment graphs that can scale to much larger graphs than in the past	ACL	
Utilizing Dependency Language Models for Graph-based Dependency Parsing Models	We utilize the dependency language model to enhance the graph-based parsing model. The DLM-based features are integrated directly into the beam-search decoder	ACL	
Utilizing Dependency Language Models for Graph-based Dependency Parsing Models	"The new parsing model uses the rich high-order features defined over a view of large scope and and additional large raw corpus, but without increasing the decoding complexity"	ACL	
Utilizing Dependency Language Models for Graph-based Dependency Parsing Models	Our parser achieves the best accuracy on the Chinese data and comparable accuracy with the best known systems on the English data.	ACL	
Fast Online Training with Frequency-Adaptive Learning Rates for Chinese Word Segmentation and New Word Detection	"We propose a general purpose fast online training method, ADF. The proposed training method requires only a few passes to complete the training."	ACL	
Fast Online Training with Frequency-Adaptive Learning Rates for Chinese Word Segmentation and New Word Detection	We propose a joint model for Chinese word segmentation and new word detection	ACL	
Fast Online Training with Frequency-Adaptive Learning Rates for Chinese Word Segmentation and New Word Detection	"Compared with prior work, our system achieves better accuracies on both word segmentation and new word detection."	ACL	
Maximum Expected BLEU Training of Phrase and Lexicon Translation Models	"we propose a new objective function (Eq. 9) for training of large-scale translation models, including phrase and lexicon models, with more parameters than all previous methods have attempted"	ACL	
Maximum Expected BLEU Training of Phrase and Lexicon Translation Models	"through non-trivial derivation, we show that the novel objective function of Eq. (9) is amenable to iterative GT updates, where each update is equipped with a closed-form formula."	ACL	
Maximum Expected BLEU Training of Phrase and Lexicon Translation Models	"the new objective function and new optimization technique are successfully applied to two important machine translation tasks, with implementation issues resolved (e.g., training schedule and hyper-parameter tuning, etc.)"	ACL	
A Joint Model for Discovery of Aspects in Utterances	"construction of a novel Bayesian framework for semantic parsing of natural language (NL) utterances in a unifying framework in §4,"	ACL	
A Joint Model for Discovery of Aspects in Utterances	"representation of seed labeled data and information from web queries as informative prior to design a novel utterance understanding model in §3 & §4,"	ACL	
A Joint Model for Discovery of Aspects in Utterances	comparison of our results to supervised sequential and joint learning methods on NL utterances in §5.	ACL	
Aspect Extraction through Semi-Supervised Modeling	we propose two novel statistical models to extract and categorize aspect terms automatically given some seeds in the user interested categories. It is thus able to best meet the user’s specific needs	ACL	
Concept-to-text Generation via Discriminative Reranking	we recast concept-to-text generation in a probabilistic parsing framework that allows to jointly optimize content selection and surface realization	ACL	
Concept-to-text Generation via Discriminative Reranking	we represent parse derivations compactly using hypergraphs and illustrate the use of an algorithm for generating (rather than parsing) in this framework	ACL	
Concept-to-text Generation via Discriminative Reranking	the application of discriminative reranking to conceptto-text generation is novel to our knowledge and as our experiments show beneficial.	ACL	
Cross-Domain Co-Extraction of Sentiment and Topic Lexicons	"We give a systematic study on cross-domain sentiment analysis in word level. While, most of previous work focused on document level"	ACL	
Cross-Domain Co-Extraction of Sentiment and Topic Lexicons	"A new two-step domain adaptation framework, with a novel RAP algorithm for seed expansion, is proposed."	ACL	
Cross-Domain Co-Extraction of Sentiment and Topic Lexicons	"We conduct extensive evaluation, and the experimental results demonstrate the effectiveness of our methods."	ACL	
Translation Model Adaptation for Statistical Machine Translation with Monolingual Topic Information∗	we propose a novel adaptation method to adapt the translation model for domainspecific translation task by utilizing in-domain monolingual corpora.	ACL	
CLAIRE: A combinatorial visual analytics system for information retrieval evaluation	"We propose a Combinatorial visuaL Analytics system for Information Retrieval Evaluation (CLAIRE) which allows for exploring and making sense of the performances of a large amount of IR systems, in order to quickly and intuitively grasp which system configurations are preferred, what are the contributions of the different components and how these components interact together.
"	IPM	
The long noncoding RNA LOC105374325 causes podocyte injury in individuals with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis	"we performed a transcriptome analysis of glomerular tissues in 5 FSGS patients and 5 controls. Among the differentially expressed lncRNAs, the level of LOC105374325 showed the most significant increase in the glomerular tissues of FSGS patients."	IPM	
The long noncoding RNA LOC105374325 causes podocyte injury in individuals with focal segmental glomerulosclerosis	We conducted both in vitro and in vivo experiments to investigate the role of LOC105374325 in podocyte injury in FSGS patients.	IPM	
Discovery of the actinoplanic acid pathway in Streptomyces rapamycinicus reveals a genetically conserved synergism with rapamycin	"we report accumulation of actinoplanic acid A (2) and its novel demethyl analogue, which we have designated actinoplanic acid C, in the fermentation broth of S. rapamycinicus ATCC 29253. These compounds are unrelated to any of the secondary metabolites previously reported from this microorganism."	IPM	
Discovery of the actinoplanic acid pathway in Streptomyces rapamycinicus reveals a genetically conserved synergism with rapamycin	"we have identified the APL cluster in other bacterial genomes, without exception in the presence of the rapamycin pathway."	IPM	
Identification of a butenolide signaling system that regulates nikkomycin biosynthesis in Streptomyces	"we report the characterization of a novel butenolide signal transduction pathway, in which signal input is transmitted to nikkomycin biosynthesis via a newly discovered activator, CprC, of adpA."	IPM	
Macrophage TNF-α licenses donor T cells in murine bone marrow failure and can be implicated in human aplastic anemia	"We have modeled human AA in mice by adaptation of historic “runt disease,” in which infusion of lymph node (LN) cells into recipients mismatched at major histocompatibility complex23,24 or minor histocompatibility antigen25 loci produces severe pancytopenia and BM failure."	IPM	
Macrophage TNF-α licenses donor T cells in murine bone marrow failure and can be implicated in human aplastic anemia	"Using these models, we recently reexamined the role of the IFN-γ/IFN-γ receptor signaling pathway in BM failure: IFN-γ−/− donor T cells failed to induce BM destruction; IFN-γ receptor−/− recipient mice did not develop marrow failure when infused with major histocompatibility complex–mismatched FVB/N (FVB) LN cells."	IPM	
Macrophage TNF-α licenses donor T cells in murine bone marrow failure and can be implicated in human aplastic anemia	we used the same model systems and mice deficient in TNF-α or TNF-αR to study the specific roles of TNF-α/TNF-αR in BM failure.	IPM	
Macrophage TNF-α licenses donor T cells in murine bone marrow failure and can be implicated in human aplastic anemia	We also examined marrow samples from AA patients and found increased macrophages with high levels of intracellular TNF-α compared with healthy individuals.	IPM	
The Probability of Neurotransmitter Release Governs AMPA Receptor Trafficking via Activity-Dependent Regulation of mGluR1 Surface Expression	"we induced mGluR-LTD by addition of the group I mGluR agonist (RS)-dihydroxyphenylglycine (DHPG) (Palmer et al., 1997), a protocol that will activate mGluRs irrespective of synapse P(r)."	IPM	
The Probability of Neurotransmitter Release Governs AMPA Receptor Trafficking via Activity-Dependent Regulation of mGluR1 Surface Expression	We also activated mGluR1 synaptically by delivering theta burst stimulation (TBS) to afferent inputs.	IPM	
The Probability of Neurotransmitter Release Governs AMPA Receptor Trafficking via Activity-Dependent Regulation of mGluR1 Surface Expression	"By combining, for the first time, multiphoton imaging of FM4-64 (FM) to record P(r) and SEP-GluA2 to measure AMPAR trafficking, we determined the relationship between AMPAR trafficking and P(r) at individual CA1 synapses."	IPM	
A Transient Pseudosenescent Secretome Promotes Tumor Growth after Antiangiogenic Therapy Withdrawal	Stopping antiangiogenic treatment after resistance leads to rebound tumor growth	IPM	
A Transient Pseudosenescent Secretome Promotes Tumor Growth after Antiangiogenic Therapy Withdrawal	Antiangiogenic drug resistance can induce transient pseudosenescent secretory phenotypes	IPM	
A Transient Pseudosenescent Secretome Promotes Tumor Growth after Antiangiogenic Therapy Withdrawal	Targeting SASP regulators like IL-6 and mTOR blunt withdrawal-mediated tumor growth	IPM	
Altered γ-Secretase Processing of APP Disrupts Lysosome and Autophagosome Function in Monogenic Alzheimer’s Disease	APP and PSEN1 mutant neurons have deficits in lysosome proteolysis	IPM	
Altered γ-Secretase Processing of APP Disrupts Lysosome and Autophagosome Function in Monogenic Alzheimer’s Disease	BACE1 inhibition rescues lysosome and autophagy defects	IPM	
Altered γ-Secretase Processing of APP Disrupts Lysosome and Autophagosome Function in Monogenic Alzheimer’s Disease	PSEN1 mutant phenotypes are rescued by genetic deletion of APP	IPM	
Altered γ-Secretase Processing of APP Disrupts Lysosome and Autophagosome Function in Monogenic Alzheimer’s Disease	Lysosome and autophagy defects are causes of neuronal dysfunction in AD	IPM	
"Voluntary disclosure, ownership structure, and corporate debt maturity: A study of French listed firms"	We examine the effect of voluntary disclosure on debt maturity and the role of ownership structure in this effect.	IPM	
"Voluntary disclosure, ownership structure, and corporate debt maturity: A study of French listed firms"	Debt maturity increases with the level of voluntary disclosure.	IPM	
"Voluntary disclosure, ownership structure, and corporate debt maturity: A study of French listed firms"	This increase is more pronounced when excess control rights are high.	IPM	
"Voluntary disclosure, ownership structure, and corporate debt maturity: A study of French listed firms"	Voluntary disclosure provides an efficient monitoring mechanism for lenders.	IPM	
Hematopoietic Stem and Progenitor Cells Are a Distinct HIV Reservoir that Contributes to Persistent Viremia in Suppressed Patients	Hematopoietic stem and progenitor cells can serve as long-term reservoirs of HIV	IPM	
Hematopoietic Stem and Progenitor Cells Are a Distinct HIV Reservoir that Contributes to Persistent Viremia in Suppressed Patients	HSPCs harbor both infectious and defective proviral genomes	IPM	
Hematopoietic Stem and Progenitor Cells Are a Distinct HIV Reservoir that Contributes to Persistent Viremia in Suppressed Patients	HSPCs are an important source of residual plasma virus in treated people	IPM	
Hematopoietic Stem and Progenitor Cells Are a Distinct HIV Reservoir that Contributes to Persistent Viremia in Suppressed Patients	Clonally amplified HIV proviruses contribute to residual plasma virus	IPM	
Sequential Regulation of Maternal mRNAs through a Conserved cis-Acting Element in Their 3′ UTRs	"pgc, a germline RNA, is translationally regulated throughout Drosophila oogenesis
"	IPM	
Sequential Regulation of Maternal mRNAs through a Conserved cis-Acting Element in Their 3′ UTRs	A conserved 10-nt sequence in the pgc 3′ UTR is required for its regulation	IPM	
Sequential Regulation of Maternal mRNAs through a Conserved cis-Acting Element in Their 3′ UTRs	"Pum and Bru, conserved RBPs, sequentially repress pgc translation via this sequence"	IPM	
Sequential Regulation of Maternal mRNAs through a Conserved cis-Acting Element in Their 3′ UTRs	A class of maternal RNAs are also regulated by Pum and Bru during oogenesis	IPM	
Precise Post-translational Tuning Occurs for Most Protein Complex Components during Meiosis	The synthesis of most protein complex components during meiosis is imprecisely matched	IPM	
Precise Post-translational Tuning Occurs for Most Protein Complex Components during Meiosis	The levels of most protein interaction partners are post-translationally adjusted	IPM	
Precise Post-translational Tuning Occurs for Most Protein Complex Components during Meiosis	Ribosomal proteins are degraded and re-synthesized late in the meiotic program	IPM	
Precise Post-translational Tuning Occurs for Most Protein Complex Components during Meiosis	Analysis of meiotic protein levels over time points to additional Ama1-APC/C targets	IPM	
Disruption of the Interaction of RAS with PI 3-Kinase Induces Regression of EGFR-Mutant-Driven Lung Cancer	Disrupting the interaction of PI 3-kinase with RAS impairs EGF activation of AKT and RAC	IPM	
Disruption of the Interaction of RAS with PI 3-Kinase Induces Regression of EGFR-Mutant-Driven Lung Cancer	Mice bred with RAS-binding-domain-defective PI 3-kinase and activated EGFR mutant	IPM	
Disruption of the Interaction of RAS with PI 3-Kinase Induces Regression of EGFR-Mutant-Driven Lung Cancer	Abrogating RAS binding to PI 3-kinase blocks EGFR-induced lung tumor initiation	IPM	
Disruption of the Interaction of RAS with PI 3-Kinase Induces Regression of EGFR-Mutant-Driven Lung Cancer	Blocking the RAS-PI 3-kinase interaction induces regression of EGFR-induced tumors	IPM	
From Hyper- to Hypoinsulinemia and Diabetes: Effect of KCNH6 on Insulin Secretion	KCNH6 regulates insulin secretion and glucose hemostasis in humans and mice	IPM	
From Hyper- to Hypoinsulinemia and Diabetes: Effect of KCNH6 on Insulin Secretion	KCNH6 dysfunction causes a phenotype from hyper- to hypoinsulinemia and diabetes	IPM	
From Hyper- to Hypoinsulinemia and Diabetes: Effect of KCNH6 on Insulin Secretion	KCNH6 dysfunction increases intracellular calcium levels and hyperinsulinemia	IPM	
From Hyper- to Hypoinsulinemia and Diabetes: Effect of KCNH6 on Insulin Secretion	Chronic elevation of intracellular calcium causes β cell loss and hyperinsulinemia	IPM	
Dissecting Effects of Anti-cancer Drugs and Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts by On-Chip Reconstitution of Immunocompetent Tumor Microenvironments	A complex HER2+ breast cancer ecosystem is reconstituted and quantitatively described	IPM	
Dissecting Effects of Anti-cancer Drugs and Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts by On-Chip Reconstitution of Immunocompetent Tumor Microenvironments	The effects of the drug trastuzumab (Herceptin) are directly visualized ex vivo	IPM	
Dissecting Effects of Anti-cancer Drugs and Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts by On-Chip Reconstitution of Immunocompetent Tumor Microenvironments	Trastuzumab promotes long cancer-immune interactions and an ADCC immune response	IPM	
Dissecting Effects of Anti-cancer Drugs and Cancer-Associated Fibroblasts by On-Chip Reconstitution of Immunocompetent Tumor Microenvironments	Trastuzumab and CAFs have antagonist immunomodulation effects	IPM	
Cell Size-Based Decision-Making of a Viral Gene Circuit	Gene expression bursts from the HIV LTR promoter increase with T cell size	IPM	
Cell Size-Based Decision-Making of a Viral Gene Circuit	Larger T cells latently infected with HIV exclusively reactivate from latency	IPM	
Cell Size-Based Decision-Making of a Viral Gene Circuit	"Reactivation from HIV latency is cell-cycle dependent, with enhancement in G1"	IPM	
Cell Size-Based Decision-Making of a Viral Gene Circuit	Checkpoint arrestors actively modulate cell cycle to bias viral decision-making	IPM	
Pancreatic Cell Fate Determination Relies on Notch Ligand Trafficking by NFIA	NFIA regulates pancreatic endocrine progenitor induction	IPM	
Pancreatic Cell Fate Determination Relies on Notch Ligand Trafficking by NFIA	Loss of NFIA leads to increased Dll1 endocytosis and decreased Notch cis-inhibition	IPM	
Pancreatic Cell Fate Determination Relies on Notch Ligand Trafficking by NFIA	NFIA-deficient cells have a gain in Notch signaling and cell fate defects	IPM	
Pancreatic Cell Fate Determination Relies on Notch Ligand Trafficking by NFIA	NFIA binds to the Mib1 promoter to regulate duct versus endocrine fate determination	IPM	
REV-ERBα Regulates TH17 Cell Development and Autoimmunity	REV-ERBα is upregulated in TH17 cells	IPM	
REV-ERBα Regulates TH17 Cell Development and Autoimmunity	"REV-ERBα deficiency exacerbates TH17-mediated diseases, including EAE and colitis"	IPM	
REV-ERBα Regulates TH17 Cell Development and Autoimmunity	"REV-ERBα competes with RORγt to modulate TH17-signature genes, including Il17a"	IPM	
REV-ERBα Regulates TH17 Cell Development and Autoimmunity	REV-ERBα-specific ligands suppress the development and progression of autoimmunity	IPM	
Regulatory T Cells Restrain Pathogenic T Helper Cells during Skin Inflammation	Treg cells infiltrate into psoriasiform skin lesions	IPM	
Regulatory T Cells Restrain Pathogenic T Helper Cells during Skin Inflammation	Treg cells limit the exacerbation of skin inflammation and initiate disease remission	IPM	
Regulatory T Cells Restrain Pathogenic T Helper Cells during Skin Inflammation	GM-CSF+CD4+ T cells emerge in Treg-cell-depleted skin	IPM	
Regulatory T Cells Restrain Pathogenic T Helper Cells during Skin Inflammation	Neutralization of GM-CSF reverses exacerbated skin inflammation to wild-type levels	IPM	
LXR Suppresses Inflammatory Gene Expression and Neutrophil Migration through cis-Repression and Cholesterol Efflux	Cholesterol efflux and direct repression mediate LXR’s anti-inflammatory effects	IPM	
LXR Suppresses Inflammatory Gene Expression and Neutrophil Migration through cis-Repression and Cholesterol Efflux	LXR cis-repression involves direct binding of LXR to inflammatory gene enhancers	IPM	
LXR Suppresses Inflammatory Gene Expression and Neutrophil Migration through cis-Repression and Cholesterol Efflux	LXR agonist treatment suppresses neutrophil recruitment during inflammation	IPM	
LXR Suppresses Inflammatory Gene Expression and Neutrophil Migration through cis-Repression and Cholesterol Efflux	Targets of LXR repression are involved in neutrophil migration	IPM	
Replisome Dynamics and Their Functional Relevance upon DNA Damage through the PCNA Interactome	PCNA interactome was comprehensively explored to reflect replisome dynamics	IPM	
Replisome Dynamics and Their Functional Relevance upon DNA Damage through the PCNA Interactome	Replisome composition characteristically varies upon encountering different stresses	IPM	
Replisome Dynamics and Their Functional Relevance upon DNA Damage through the PCNA Interactome	WIZ and SALL1 were examined for their roles in DNA replication and stress response	IPM	
Culling Less Fit Neurons Protects against Amyloid-β-Induced Brain Damage and Cognitive and Motor Decline	Peptides linked to neurodegenerative diseases reduce neuronal fitness in Drosophila	IPM	
Culling Less Fit Neurons Protects against Amyloid-β-Induced Brain Damage and Cognitive and Motor Decline	β-amyloid-induced neuronal death is mediated by fitness regulators flower and azot	IPM	
Culling Less Fit Neurons Protects against Amyloid-β-Induced Brain Damage and Cognitive and Motor Decline	Suppression of fitness-based neuronal culling aggravates cognitive and motor decline	IPM	
Culling Less Fit Neurons Protects against Amyloid-β-Induced Brain Damage and Cognitive and Motor Decline	Neuronal death related to fitness-based selection has a beneficial net effect	IPM	
Mechanisms of Tumor-Induced Lymphovascular Niche Formation in Draining Lymph Nodes	Lymph node lymphatic endothelial cells (LN LECs) dramatically react to tumor stimuli	IPM	
Mechanisms of Tumor-Induced Lymphovascular Niche Formation in Draining Lymph Nodes	Cell adhesion molecules are among the strongest differentially regulated genes	IPM	
Mechanisms of Tumor-Induced Lymphovascular Niche Formation in Draining Lymph Nodes	Itga2b is upregulated and associated with fibrinogen in tumor-draining LN LECs	IPM	
Mechanisms of Tumor-Induced Lymphovascular Niche Formation in Draining Lymph Nodes	Itga2b mediates adhesion of LN LECs to fibrinogen	IPM	
Engineering an Environment for the Study of Fibrosis: A 3D Human Muscle Model with Endothelium Specificity and Endomysium	we describe the achievement of mesoscale skeletal muscle 3D constructs embedding differentiated muscle fibers and vascular networks exhibiting endothelial phenotypic specificity to muscle tissue.	IPM	
Engineering an Environment for the Study of Fibrosis: A 3D Human Muscle Model with Endothelium Specificity and Endomysium	"We demonstrate how this multicellular environment interacts with cells of mesenchymal origin. In particular, vascular networks mediate the recruitment of fibroblasts specifically derived from human muscles toward muscle fibers"	IPM	
Engineering an Environment for the Study of Fibrosis: A 3D Human Muscle Model with Endothelium Specificity and Endomysium	"we analyze matrix deposition by muscle fibroblasts derived from patients with DMD, highlighting through our model differences that were not detectable in traditional 2D assays."	IPM	
Non-overlapping Control of Transcriptome by Promoter- and Super-Enhancer-Associated Dependencies in Multiple Myeloma	E2F1 and its heterodimerization partner DP1 are required for myeloma cell proliferation	IPM	
Non-overlapping Control of Transcriptome by Promoter- and Super-Enhancer-Associated Dependencies in Multiple Myeloma	E2F1-DP1 heterodimers regulate promoter proximal transcription	IPM	
Non-overlapping Control of Transcriptome by Promoter- and Super-Enhancer-Associated Dependencies in Multiple Myeloma	E2F1 and BRD4 establish distinct regulatory axes in multiple myeloma	IPM	
Non-overlapping Control of Transcriptome by Promoter- and Super-Enhancer-Associated Dependencies in Multiple Myeloma	Combined inhibition of BRD4 and E2F co-operatively reduces myeloma tumor growth	IPM	
Dual Mechanisms of LYN Kinase Dysregulation Drive Aggressive Behavior in Breast Cancer Cells	LYN kinase is a downstream effector of the c-KIT receptor in normal breast cells	IPM	
Dual Mechanisms of LYN Kinase Dysregulation Drive Aggressive Behavior in Breast Cancer Cells	Loss of BRCA1 function hyperactivates LYN via prolyl isomerase 1 upregulation	IPM	
Dual Mechanisms of LYN Kinase Dysregulation Drive Aggressive Behavior in Breast Cancer Cells	The full-length LYN isoform promotes tumor cell invasion	IPM	
Dual Mechanisms of LYN Kinase Dysregulation Drive Aggressive Behavior in Breast Cancer Cells	Time to breast cancer death is shorter in tumors with a high LYNA::B isoform ratio	IPM	
The TFAP2C-Regulated OCT4 Naive Enhancer Is Involved in Human Germline Formation	The chromatin and transcriptome of hPGCs resembles ground-state naive hESCs	IPM	
The TFAP2C-Regulated OCT4 Naive Enhancer Is Involved in Human Germline Formation	TFAP2C is required for hPGC formation and expression of KLF4	IPM	
The TFAP2C-Regulated OCT4 Naive Enhancer Is Involved in Human Germline Formation	The TFAP2C-regulated OCT4 naive enhancer is involved in hPGC formation	IPM	
OX40 Regulates Both Innate and Adaptive Immunity and Promotes Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis	TNF receptor family member OX40 is a key molecule in NASH development	IPM	
OX40 Regulates Both Innate and Adaptive Immunity and Promotes Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis	OX40 regulates both intrahepatic innate and adaptive immunity in NASH	IPM	
OX40 Regulates Both Innate and Adaptive Immunity and Promotes Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis	OX40 promotes hepatic monocyte but not Kupffer cell M1 polarization in NASH	IPM	
OX40 Regulates Both Innate and Adaptive Immunity and Promotes Nonalcoholic Steatohepatitis	Plasma OX40 levels are positively associated with NASH in humans	IPM	
Mutations in an Innate Immunity Pathway Are Associated with Poor Overall Survival Outcomes and Hypoxic Signaling in Cancer	Complement mutations occur at a significantly higher rate than background mutations	IPM	
Mutations in an Innate Immunity Pathway Are Associated with Poor Overall Survival Outcomes and Hypoxic Signaling in Cancer	Complement component mutations are associated with poor overall survival	IPM	
Mutations in an Innate Immunity Pathway Are Associated with Poor Overall Survival Outcomes and Hypoxic Signaling in Cancer	Tumors with complement component mutations harbor increased hypoxic signaling	IPM	
Mutations in an Innate Immunity Pathway Are Associated with Poor Overall Survival Outcomes and Hypoxic Signaling in Cancer	Hypoxic colorectal cancer cells are resistant to complement-mediated cytotoxicity	IPM	
General Regulatory Factors Control the Fidelity of Transcription by Restricting Non-coding and Ectopic Initiation	GRFs control transcription initiation fidelity and suppress pervasive transcription	IPM	
General Regulatory Factors Control the Fidelity of Transcription by Restricting Non-coding and Ectopic Initiation	Ectopic initiation in the absence of Rap1 has variegated effects on gene expression	IPM	
General Regulatory Factors Control the Fidelity of Transcription by Restricting Non-coding and Ectopic Initiation	Ectopic transcription initiation correlates with altered nucleosome positioning	IPM	
General Regulatory Factors Control the Fidelity of Transcription by Restricting Non-coding and Ectopic Initiation	Rap1 suppresses transcription initiation by a steric hindrance mechanism	IPM	
Widespread Cumulative Influence of Small Effect Size Mutations on Yeast Quantitative Traits	Four yeast quantitative traits are affected by thousands of small effect size genes	IPM	
Widespread Cumulative Influence of Small Effect Size Mutations on Yeast Quantitative Traits	Alleles of small effect size genes can significantly contribute to trait variation	IPM	
Widespread Cumulative Influence of Small Effect Size Mutations on Yeast Quantitative Traits	Small effect size genes are enriched in core cellular processes	IPM	
Widespread Cumulative Influence of Small Effect Size Mutations on Yeast Quantitative Traits	The effects of these genes are quantitative trait specific	IPM	
An mRNA Vaccine Protects Mice against Multiple Tick-Transmitted Flavivirus Infections	A Powassan virus LNP-mRNA vaccine induces potently neutralizing antibodies in mice	IPM	
An mRNA Vaccine Protects Mice against Multiple Tick-Transmitted Flavivirus Infections	One dose of the mRNA vaccine protects against lethal Powassan virus challenge	IPM	
An mRNA Vaccine Protects Mice against Multiple Tick-Transmitted Flavivirus Infections	The antibody response to the vaccine neutralizes other tick-borne flaviviruses	IPM	
An mRNA Vaccine Protects Mice against Multiple Tick-Transmitted Flavivirus Infections	The vaccine cross-protects against disease following challenge with Langat virus	IPM	
A Wars2 Mutant Mouse Model Displays OXPHOS Deficiencies and Activation of Tissue-Specific Stress Response Pathways	A hypomorphic point mutation in the Wars2 gene was identified	IPM	
A Wars2 Mutant Mouse Model Displays OXPHOS Deficiencies and Activation of Tissue-Specific Stress Response Pathways	Mutant mice exhibit progressive tissue-specific pathologies	IPM	
A Wars2 Mutant Mouse Model Displays OXPHOS Deficiencies and Activation of Tissue-Specific Stress Response Pathways	Variable activation of stress response pathways	IPM	
A Wars2 Mutant Mouse Model Displays OXPHOS Deficiencies and Activation of Tissue-Specific Stress Response Pathways	Demonstrating pleiotropic effects	IPM	
Analysis of rural economic restructuring driven by e-commerce based on the space of flows: The case of Xiaying village in central China	"
China's burgeoning rural e-commerce has triggered a new wave of rural rejuvenation."	IPM	
Analysis of rural economic restructuring driven by e-commerce based on the space of flows: The case of Xiaying village in central China	Fully understanding how the space of flows affects rural economic space.	IPM	
Analysis of rural economic restructuring driven by e-commerce based on the space of flows: The case of Xiaying village in central China	Analyzes the process and mechanism of e-commerce oriented rural economic restructuring from the perspective of elements flows.	IPM	
Reprint of “Lattice damage and expansion in RbTiOPO4 crystals induced by carbon ion implantation	Lattice expansion induced by ion implantation is about 20 nm.	IPM	
Reprint of “Lattice damage and expansion in RbTiOPO4 crystals induced by carbon ion implantation	Rarely point defects remained in the waveguide after annealing.	IPM	
Reprint of “Lattice damage and expansion in RbTiOPO4 crystals induced by carbon ion implantation	The relationship between ndpa and neff in waveguides was investigated.	IPM	
Major histocompatibility complex class I in the horse (Equus caballus) placenta during pregnancy and parturition	MHC-I protein was present in the horse allantochorion on days 90–240 of pregnancy.	IPM	
Major histocompatibility complex class I in the horse (Equus caballus) placenta during pregnancy and parturition	"During pregnancy, its expression was downregulated in fetal and maternal tissues."	IPM	
Major histocompatibility complex class I in the horse (Equus caballus) placenta during pregnancy and parturition	MHC-I protein expression was upregulated in the allantochorion at parturition.	IPM	
Major histocompatibility complex class I in the horse (Equus caballus) placenta during pregnancy and parturition	"At parturition, staining for MHC-I was detected in places of fetal-maternal contact."	IPM	
Major histocompatibility complex class I in the horse (Equus caballus) placenta during pregnancy and parturition	Classical and non-classical MHC-I mRNA were detected in these tissues in all groups.	IPM	
"Reprint of “In-situ luminescence studies of silica glass during low energy H+, He+ and O+ irradiation”"	Ion beam induced luminescence provides in-situ information of recombination centers evolution with fluence during irradiation.	IPM	
"Reprint of “In-situ luminescence studies of silica glass during low energy H+, He+ and O+ irradiation”"	"Different ion species, energies are used to discuss the roles of electronic and nuclear energy deposition."	IPM	
"Reprint of “In-situ luminescence studies of silica glass during low energy H+, He+ and O+ irradiation”"	Other off-line method is employed to explain the cause of luminescence intensity decrease.	IPM	
Reprint of “Low-energy high-current plasma immersion implantation of nitrogen ions in plasma of non-self-sustained arc discharge with thermionic and hollow cathodes”	AISI 5140 steel was treated by low-energy high-current implantation of nitrogen ions in gas-discharge plasma.	IPM	
Reprint of “Low-energy high-current plasma immersion implantation of nitrogen ions in plasma of non-self-sustained arc discharge with thermionic and hollow cathodes”	"Mechanical and tribological characteristics, structure and elemental composition of modified layers are presented."	IPM	
Reprint of “Low-energy high-current plasma immersion implantation of nitrogen ions in plasma of non-self-sustained arc discharge with thermionic and hollow cathodes”	500 °C treated specimen showed the best results of hardness and wear resistance.	IPM	
Reprint of “Low-energy high-current plasma immersion implantation of nitrogen ions in plasma of non-self-sustained arc discharge with thermionic and hollow cathodes”	The specimen temperature was set by changing the bias duty factor without change in its amplitude and maximum current.	IPM	
Reprint of “Graphene oxide layers modified by irradiation with 1.2 MeV He+ ions”	Graphene Oxide foils were irradiated using 1.2 MeV He+ ions to various fluencies.	IPM	
Reprint of “Graphene oxide layers modified by irradiation with 1.2 MeV He+ ions”	The composition and structure of pristine and irradiated GO were investigated.	IPM	
Reprint of “Graphene oxide layers modified by irradiation with 1.2 MeV He+ ions”	Reduction of GO foil surface and growth of graphene domains were indicated.	IPM	
Reprint of “Graphene oxide layers modified by irradiation with 1.2 MeV He+ ions”	The electric conductivity improvement is a growing function of the ion fluence.	IPM	
"Reprint of ""Surface modification of triacetylcellulose by low-energy nitrogen ions for diaphragm of environmental cell transmission electron microscope"""	Surface modification of triacetylcellulose was performed by low energy nitrogen ion irradiation.	IPM	
"Reprint of ""Surface modification of triacetylcellulose by low-energy nitrogen ions for diaphragm of environmental cell transmission electron microscope"""	The surface modified layer of triacetylcellulose was applied as a diaphragm for environmental cell.	IPM	
"Reprint of ""Surface modification of triacetylcellulose by low-energy nitrogen ions for diaphragm of environmental cell transmission electron microscope"""	Film thickness of surface modified layer formed by nitrogen ions irradiation at 1 kV was 12 nm.	IPM	
"Reprint of ""Surface modification of triacetylcellulose by low-energy nitrogen ions for diaphragm of environmental cell transmission electron microscope"""	The layer mainly contained amorphous carbon film including 1% nitrogen‑carbon atomic ratio.	IPM	
"Reprint of ""Surface modification of triacetylcellulose by low-energy nitrogen ions for diaphragm of environmental cell transmission electron microscope"""	The pressure resistances of the surface modified layer was around 0.1 MPa.	IPM	
Comparative Flavivirus-Host Protein Interaction Mapping Reveals Mechanisms of Dengue and Zika Virus Pathogenesis	Comparative AP-MS reveals shared and virus-specific interactions	IPM	
Comparative Flavivirus-Host Protein Interaction Mapping Reveals Mechanisms of Dengue and Zika Virus Pathogenesis	NS5 suppresses interferon stimulated genes by inhibiting PAF1C recruitment	IPM	
Comparative Flavivirus-Host Protein Interaction Mapping Reveals Mechanisms of Dengue and Zika Virus Pathogenesis	Pharmacological modulation of the SEC61 translocon inhibits virus replication	IPM	
Comparative Flavivirus-Host Protein Interaction Mapping Reveals Mechanisms of Dengue and Zika Virus Pathogenesis	Zika virus NS4A inhibits brain development in vivo in an ANKLE2-dependent manner	IPM	
Irisin Mediates Effects on Bone and Fat via αV Integrin Receptors	The αV class of integrins are irisin receptors in osteocytes and adipose tissues	IPM	
Irisin Mediates Effects on Bone and Fat via αV Integrin Receptors	Irisin increases sclerostin expression in osteocytes to induce bone resorption	IPM	
Irisin Mediates Effects on Bone and Fat via αV Integrin Receptors	Genetic deletion of FNDC5 (or Irisin) completely blocks OVX-induced trabecular bone loss	IPM	
Imaging the placental glycocalyx with transmission electron microscopy	Glycocalyx is present at the maternal-fetal interface of the human placenta.	IPM	
Imaging the placental glycocalyx with transmission electron microscopy	A new method for the ultrastructural imaging of placental glycocalyx is presented.	IPM	
Imaging the placental glycocalyx with transmission electron microscopy	Visualisation of placental glycocalyx is enhanced by these methods.	IPM	
Imaging the placental glycocalyx with transmission electron microscopy	These techniques can be used to study the role of the placental glycocaly	IPM	
Asymmetric Expression of LincGET Biases Cell Fate in Two-Cell Mouse Embryos	LincGET is asymmetrically expressed in the nucleus of two- to four-cell mouse embryos	IPM	
Asymmetric Expression of LincGET Biases Cell Fate in Two-Cell Mouse Embryos	LincGET overexpression biases blastomere fate toward inner cell mass (ICM)	IPM	
Asymmetric Expression of LincGET Biases Cell Fate in Two-Cell Mouse Embryos	LincGET physically binds to CARM1	IPM	
Asymmetric Expression of LincGET Biases Cell Fate in Two-Cell Mouse Embryos	LincGET/CARM1 activates ICM-specific genes	IPM	
CellMinerCDB for Integrative Cross-Database Genomics and Pharmacogenomics Analyses of Cancer Cell Lines	CellMinerCDB integrates pharmacogenomic data of the major cancer cell line databases	IPM	
CellMinerCDB for Integrative Cross-Database Genomics and Pharmacogenomics Analyses of Cancer Cell Lines	It seamlessly enables genomic and drug data exploration within and across databases	IPM	
CellMinerCDB for Integrative Cross-Database Genomics and Pharmacogenomics Analyses of Cancer Cell Lines	It tests genomic data reproducibility and proposes drug response determinants	IPM	
CellMinerCDB for Integrative Cross-Database Genomics and Pharmacogenomics Analyses of Cancer Cell Lines	We expand the GDSC drug panel and advance LIX1L as a novel mesenchymal gene	IPM	
Galectin-8 Favors the Presentation of Surface-Tethered Antigens by Stabilizing the B Cell Immune Synapse	Galectin-8 reinforces B cell arrest phases upon antigen recognition in vivo	IPM	
Galectin-8 Favors the Presentation of Surface-Tethered Antigens by Stabilizing the B Cell Immune Synapse	Galectin-8 sustains BCR signaling during recognition of immobilized antigens	IPM	
Galectin-8 Favors the Presentation of Surface-Tethered Antigens by Stabilizing the B Cell Immune Synapse	This enhances lysosome secretion and favors the proteolytic extraction of antigens	IPM	
Galectin-8 Favors the Presentation of Surface-Tethered Antigens by Stabilizing the B Cell Immune Synapse	Galectin-8 improves the capacity of B cells to present antigens to helper T cells	IPM	
Simultaneous Loss of Both Atypical Protein Kinase C Genes in the Intestinal Epithelium Drives Serrated Intestinal Cancer by Impairing Immunosurveillance	Atypical protein kinase C (aPKC) expression is reduced in human serrated tumors	IPM	
Simultaneous Loss of Both Atypical Protein Kinase C Genes in the Intestinal Epithelium Drives Serrated Intestinal Cancer by Impairing Immunosurveillance	Deletion of both aPKCs in intestinal epithelium causes spontaneous serrated tumors	IPM	
Simultaneous Loss of Both Atypical Protein Kinase C Genes in the Intestinal Epithelium Drives Serrated Intestinal Cancer by Impairing Immunosurveillance	aPKC-deficient tumors display immunosuppression and stromal activation	IPM	
Simultaneous Loss of Both Atypical Protein Kinase C Genes in the Intestinal Epithelium Drives Serrated Intestinal Cancer by Impairing Immunosurveillance	"Loss of PKCζ impairs the CD8+ T cell response, triggering serrated tumor initiation"	IPM	
A Renewable Source of Human Beige Adipocytes for Development of Therapies to Treat Metabolic Syndrome	Human beige adipocytes are generated from iPSC-derived FOXF1+ mesoderm	IPM	
A Renewable Source of Human Beige Adipocytes for Development of Therapies to Treat Metabolic Syndrome	iPSC-derived beige adipocytes express UCP1 and exhibit uncoupled respiratio	IPM	
A Renewable Source of Human Beige Adipocytes for Development of Therapies to Treat Metabolic Syndrome	Reprogramming adipocyte precursors from diabetic patients improves beige adipogenesis	IPM	
A Renewable Source of Human Beige Adipocytes for Development of Therapies to Treat Metabolic Syndrome	iPSC-derived beige adipocytes secrete factors that improve insulin sensitivity	IPM	
Sustainable planning in mining supply chains with renewable energy integration: A real-life case study	A sustainable planning approach is developed for mining supply chains.	IPM	
Sustainable planning in mining supply chains with renewable energy integration: A real-life case study	Potential of using wind and solar power generators in mine sites is discussed.	IPM	
Sustainable planning in mining supply chains with renewable energy integration: A real-life case study	A multi-stage stochastic program is proposed with uncertain renewable resources.	IPM	
Sustainable planning in mining supply chains with renewable energy integration: A real-life case study	A case study for a zinc mining supply chain in Iran is investigated.	IPM	
Salmonella Persist in Activated Macrophages in T Cell-Sparse Granulomas but Are Contained by Surrounding CXCR3 Ligand-Positioned Th1 Cells	S. enterica (Se) infection stimulates robust expansion of CXCR3+ Th1 cells	IPM	
Salmonella Persist in Activated Macrophages in T Cell-Sparse Granulomas but Are Contained by Surrounding CXCR3 Ligand-Positioned Th1 Cells	Granulomas bordered by CXCL9/10+ phagocytes form during Se infection	IPM	
Salmonella Persist in Activated Macrophages in T Cell-Sparse Granulomas but Are Contained by Surrounding CXCR3 Ligand-Positioned Th1 Cells	Se bacteria are in granuloma cores while Th1 cells are excluded to the borders	IPM	
Salmonella Persist in Activated Macrophages in T Cell-Sparse Granulomas but Are Contained by Surrounding CXCR3 Ligand-Positioned Th1 Cells	Se bacteria produce enzymes that neutralize the effects of nitric oxide	IPM	
Single-Cell Transcriptome Profiling of Mouse and hESC-Derived Pancreatic Progenitors	Single-cell transcriptome of embryonic mouse pancreas and hESC-derived cells	IPM	
Single-Cell Transcriptome Profiling of Mouse and hESC-Derived Pancreatic Progenitors	Identification of novel cell types during mouse pancreas development	IPM	
Single-Cell Transcriptome Profiling of Mouse and hESC-Derived Pancreatic Progenitors	Pseudotime analysis reveals developmental trajectories of endocrine cell lineage	IPM	
Single-Cell Transcriptome Profiling of Mouse and hESC-Derived Pancreatic Progenitors	hESC-derived endocrine cells resemble immature β cells	IPM	
Lymphocyte-Specific Chromatin Accessibility Pre-determines Glucocorticoid Resistance in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia	Identified open chromatin domains associated with glucocorticoid response in ALL	IPM	
Lymphocyte-Specific Chromatin Accessibility Pre-determines Glucocorticoid Resistance in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia	Glucocorticoid-resistant ALL shows abnormal accessibility at GR-bound enhancers	IPM	
Lymphocyte-Specific Chromatin Accessibility Pre-determines Glucocorticoid Resistance in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia	GR and CTCF bind at a lymphocyte-specific enhancer for BIM to mediate DNA looping	IPM	
Lymphocyte-Specific Chromatin Accessibility Pre-determines Glucocorticoid Resistance in Acute Lymphoblastic Leukemia	"The BIM enhancer is highly methylated in resistant ALL and non-lymphoid cell types
  "	IPM	
Unveiling the Role of the Most Impactful Cardiovascular Risk Locus through Haplotype Editing	"Profiling iPSC-derived VSMCs uncovers CAD risk haplotype-dependent phenotypes
"	IPM	
Unveiling the Role of the Most Impactful Cardiovascular Risk Locus through Haplotype Editing	"Deleting the risk haplotype rescues VSMC proliferation, adhesion, and contraction"	IPM	
Unveiling the Role of the Most Impactful Cardiovascular Risk Locus through Haplotype Editing	"Risk-dependent gene networks drive cell state instability, partially through ANRIL"	IPM	
Unveiling the Role of the Most Impactful Cardiovascular Risk Locus through Haplotype Editing	Evidence for cross-talk between CAD risk loci predicts vascular therapeutic targets	IPM	
Plasma Proteome Profiling Reveals Dynamics of Inflammatory and Lipid Homeostasis Markers after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery	Plasma proteome profiling of independent Roux-en-Y gastric bypass cohorts	IPM	
Plasma Proteome Profiling Reveals Dynamics of Inflammatory and Lipid Homeostasis Markers after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery	Global correlation maps of the plasma proteome reveal functional networks	IPM	
Plasma Proteome Profiling Reveals Dynamics of Inflammatory and Lipid Homeostasis Markers after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery	Systemic inflammation and lipid transport are the major remodeled processes	IPM	
Plasma Proteome Profiling Reveals Dynamics of Inflammatory and Lipid Homeostasis Markers after Roux-En-Y Gastric Bypass Surgery	Gastric bypass has specific and common effects to other weight loss interventions	IPM	
Contemporary IncI1 plasmids involved in the transmission and spread of antimicrobial resistance in Enterobacteriaceae	IncI1 and IncIγ plasmids evolution and acquisition of clinically relevant antimicrobial resistance	IPM	
Contemporary IncI1 plasmids involved in the transmission and spread of antimicrobial resistance in Enterobacteriaceae	Phylogenetic analysis performed on pMLST alleles of IncI1 and IncIγ plasmids identified major clusters	IPM	
Contemporary IncI1 plasmids involved in the transmission and spread of antimicrobial resistance in Enterobacteriaceae	"IncI1 and IncIγ plasmids spread among Enterobacteriaceae from human, animal and environmental sources"	IPM	
"MadID, a Versatile Approach to Map Protein-DNA Interactions, Highlights Telomere-Nuclear Envelope Contact Sites in Human Cells"	MadID: mapping of protein-DNA interactions in vivo using proximity labeling	IPM	
"MadID, a Versatile Approach to Map Protein-DNA Interactions, Highlights Telomere-Nuclear Envelope Contact Sites in Human Cells"	"Deeper and unbiased genome-wide coverage using M.EcoGII, a methyltransferase"	IPM	
"MadID, a Versatile Approach to Map Protein-DNA Interactions, Highlights Telomere-Nuclear Envelope Contact Sites in Human Cells"	Identification of binding sites in previously inaccessible regions of the genome	IPM	
"MadID, a Versatile Approach to Map Protein-DNA Interactions, Highlights Telomere-Nuclear Envelope Contact Sites in Human Cells"	Identification of telomere-nuclear envelope contact sites	IPM	
CMV Primes Functional Alternative Signaling in Adaptive Δg NK Cells but Is Subverted by Lentivirus Infection in Rhesus Macaques	Δg NK cell expansion and acquisition of function are driven by concurrent CMV infection	IPM	
CMV Primes Functional Alternative Signaling in Adaptive Δg NK Cells but Is Subverted by Lentivirus Infection in Rhesus Macaques	Δg NK cells are distributed systemically but have the propensity to migrate to mucosal sites	IPM	
CMV Primes Functional Alternative Signaling in Adaptive Δg NK Cells but Is Subverted by Lentivirus Infection in Rhesus Macaques	Δg NK cells abandon γ-chain/Syk signaling in lieu of the atypical CD3ζ-Zap70 signaling pathway	IPM	
CMV Primes Functional Alternative Signaling in Adaptive Δg NK Cells but Is Subverted by Lentivirus Infection in Rhesus Macaques	SIV infection subverts Δg NK cells by suppressing CD16-mediated CD3ζ-ZAP70 signaling	IPM	
Inhibiting Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Ameliorates α-Synuclein Cytotoxicity	A series of oxadiazoles were identified that ameliorate α-synuclein toxicity in yeast	IPM	
Inhibiting Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Ameliorates α-Synuclein Cytotoxicity	Oxadiazoles directly inhibit yeast (Ole1) and human (SCD) stearoyl-CoA desaturases	IPM	
Inhibiting Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Ameliorates α-Synuclein Cytotoxicity	Inhibiting Ole1 restored α-synuclein localization and reversed trafficking defects	IPM	
Inhibiting Stearoyl-CoA Desaturase Ameliorates α-Synuclein Cytotoxicity	Inhibiting SCD protected human neurons from α-synuclein toxicity	IPM	
Composition optimization of Co3−xFexO4/reduced graphene oxide nanohybrids as excellent electromagnetic wave absorption abilities	"The composition optimization of Co3−xFexO4/RGO (x = 1.5, 2.25 and 2.5) were synthesized."	IPM	
Composition optimization of Co3−xFexO4/reduced graphene oxide nanohybrids as excellent electromagnetic wave absorption abilities	The Co3−xFexO4/RGO nanohybrids exhibit excellent microwave absorption properties.	IPM	
Composition optimization of Co3−xFexO4/reduced graphene oxide nanohybrids as excellent electromagnetic wave absorption abilities	"Enhanced microwave absorbing mechanism was discussed in details.
  "	IPM	
Enhanced visible light photocatalytic activity of BiFeO3-ZnO p-n heterojunction for CO2 reduction	Photocatalytic ability of BiFeO3-ZnO was investigated for conversion CO2 and CH4.	IPM	
Enhanced visible light photocatalytic activity of BiFeO3-ZnO p-n heterojunction for CO2 reduction	Photoactivity was assigned to effect of p-n heterojunction and vis-light sensitivity of BiFeO3.	IPM	
Enhanced visible light photocatalytic activity of BiFeO3-ZnO p-n heterojunction for CO2 reduction	Increasing BiFeO3 content led to an increase in charge separation and visible light activity.	IPM	
Enhanced visible light photocatalytic activity of BiFeO3-ZnO p-n heterojunction for CO2 reduction	The highest photocatalytic efficiency was achieved by composite sample with molar ratio 1:1	IPM	
Assessment of progressive collapse of steel structures under seismic loads	Study progressive collapse for steel moment resisting and braced frames.	IPM	
Assessment of progressive collapse of steel structures under seismic loads	Explore progressive collapse due to seismic actions.	IPM	
Assessment of progressive collapse of steel structures under seismic loads	Investigate progressive collapse due to column loss scenarios according to the UFC guidelines.	IPM	
A watershed-scale model for depressional wetland-rich landscapes	SWAT model was modified to better simulate depressional wetlands.	IPM	
A watershed-scale model for depressional wetland-rich landscapes	Modified model has improved structural and process representation of wetlands.	IPM	
A watershed-scale model for depressional wetland-rich landscapes	Model was calibrated with streamflow and remotely sensed surface water extent data	IPM	
A watershed-scale model for depressional wetland-rich landscapes	Model successfully replicated streamflow and surface water extent data.	IPM	
A watershed-scale model for depressional wetland-rich landscapes	"Model is a new tool to quantify wetland functions at broad spatial scales.
"	IPM	
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	A new cryptographic algorithm which has better authentication and encryption of data and uses quantum-inspired quantum walks.	IPM	
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	Secure transmission of data between different IOT devices is obtained by using the new cryptographic technique by using quantum hash functions by linkin blocks of chain	IPM	
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	Message attacks and Impersonation attacks can be tackled by using the new cryptographic algorithm was stated in security analysis	IPM	
Development of a dialogue-based guidance system for narrow area navigation	using the natural language dialogue for a dialog based indoor navigation system	IPM	
Enhancing Traceability of Infectious Diseases: A Blockchain-Based Approach	New diseases information can be identified with the help of Blockchain based method.	IPM	
Enhancing Traceability of Infectious Diseases: A Blockchain-Based Approach	"Information collection , Information Query and Informationstorage can be done using the Blockchain which is authentic."	IPM	
SC-Com: Spotting Collusive Community in Opinion Spam Detection	Detection of false and spam reviews  by using collusive community detection framework	IPM	
SC-Com: Spotting Collusive Community in Opinion Spam Detection	Using the community-based and temporal abnormality features to differentiate spammers from others	IPM	
Detecting research topic trends by author-defined keyword frequency	Research topic treands can be identified by using the author-defined keyword frequency prediction.	IPM	
Detecting research topic trends by author-defined keyword frequency	"AKFP uses long short-term Memory and  Temporal feature, Persistence, Community size, and Community development potential are used as inputs"	IPM	
"A machine learning, bias-free approach for predicting business success using Crunchbase data"	A predictive model which helps in forecasting of a company success in the future	IPM	
"A machine learning, bias-free approach for predicting business success using Crunchbase data"	"The  forecasting of the company success results for precision, recall, and F1 scores were 57%, 34%, and 43%."	IPM	
Recency and quality-based ranking question in CQAs: A Stack Overflow case study	An automatic proposal for quality and recency-based answer ranking.	IPM	
Recency and quality-based ranking question in CQAs: A Stack Overflow case study	"From evaluation of 9 L2R algorithms, shows Coordinate Ascent and LambdaMart have the best performance."	IPM	
Combat COVID-19 infodemic using explainable natural language processing models	"
Misinformation regarding Covid-19 are detected using DistilBERT and SHAP"	IPM	
Combat COVID-19 infodemic using explainable natural language processing models	DistilBERT model was used to check the performance of the selected data and the trust of users increased by SHARP	IPM	
A blockchain empowered and privacy preserving digital contact tracing platform	A Blockchain-empowered COVID-19 contact tracing platform has been introduced.	IPM	
A blockchain empowered and privacy preserving digital contact tracing platform	The platform uses user identity data and activity trace data on the blockchain using SSI proofs to track and identify locationwhich helps in identifying patients	IPM	
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	Mutual authentication protocols for IOT systems  for decentralized data	IPM	
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	Using Block-chain the attacks against the RFID are tested and examined	IPM	
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	BAN-Logic method is used to approve the closed loop and open loop authentication	IPM	
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	The efffects of online social support by holding public emotions and knowledge overcoming the  Covid-19 pandemic	IPM	
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	"Developed a model which addresses beliefs of  the online social support, cognition and emotion. Crawling and content analysis are used to identify the different online support given or received by people from Baidu Covid-19 bar"	IPM	
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	"Insights on reduce the negative effects of quarantine, consolidate the theoretical basis of the public's beliefs were obtained"	IPM	
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"In realistic environments, a longitudinal study of cooperation during information-intensive projects."	IPM	
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"The data was collected by initial demographic questionnaires, pre- and post-trip interviews, and self-reported diaries during the travel and was analyzed by using iteravtive coding."	IPM	
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"Different CIB roles were identifyied which were self volunteered by the travelers including team player, all-rounder, influencer, authoritarian, supporter, and followers"	IPM	
A high-performance native approach to adaptive blockchain smart-contract transmission and execution	An adaptive and continuous approach for storage requirements of smart-contracts	IPM	
A high-performance native approach to adaptive blockchain smart-contract transmission and execution	"a semantically distinct blockchain architecture, which includes a new type of node whose function is to improve the storage used by smart-contracts"	IPM	
Al-SPSD: Anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection in blockchain	A  anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection method named Al-SPSD designed to increase security in Blockchain	IPM	
Al-SPSD: Anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection in blockchain	"Al-SPSD is used to detect 1,621 active smart Ponzi schemes in Ethereum and with a f-score of 96 percent."	IPM	
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	Detection of dangerous transactions which causes harm using the block chain technology in the real time	IPM	
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	Fortification of the Etherium virtual machine is done for detection of fraud transactions which will interrupt the execution during the runtime.	IPM	
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	"The strengthened FISCO-BCOS-evm has been implemented into the official release of FISCO-BCOS, which has been adopted by WeBank, a major Chinese bank."	IPM	
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	Introduce the new task of changing the narrative perspectives of a text which changes the experiene gained while reading it	IPM	
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	Developed an system which transforms a first person or a second person view into a third person view	IPM	
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	The results of above process shows a promissing approach as it shows that the text obtained is fluent and non-ambigious	IPM	
Patent transformation opportunity to realize patent value: Discussion about the conditions to be used or exchanged	The transformation opportunities are discovered using the heterogeneous network based transformation opportunity prediction tool.	IPM	
Patent transformation opportunity to realize patent value: Discussion about the conditions to be used or exchanged	The explainable heterogeneous network-based transformation condition method describes the transformation conditions are required to complete the transformation.	IPM	
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	A decomposition based recommendation approach is proposed for address the scalability issues which arise when a customers join at rapid rate in recommendar systems	IPM	
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	used the Voronoi diagram differentiate the users’ space of the system coinsidering the location.	IPM	
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	Improved the recommendation quality for the boundary users of a Voronoi cell	IPM	
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	"The scalability and efficacy of the approch is demonstrated by reducing the run time for baseline CF algorithm for MovieLens-100K, MovieLens-1M, Book-Crossing and TripAdvisor datasets"	IPM	
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Variances of Gaussian embeddings can be used to quantify semantic uncertainty.	IPM	
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	There exist Zipfian regularities between word frequencies and semantic breadth/uncertainty.	IPM	
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Zipfian patterns: more frequent words tends to be generic while less frequent ones tend to be specific.	IPM	
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Zipfian patterns can be leveraged to increase entailment detection performance.	IPM	
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	"using a standardized category schema, we are able to identify dataset categories which favor the generalization potential of a model;"	IPM	
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	"we provide clear evidence that, in contrast to the argumentation in some recent works, e.g., Gröndahl, Pajola, Juuti, Conti, and Asokan (2018), the model itself is equally of high relevance for generalization;"	IPM	
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	we identify the dataset features and models that are responsible for a higher degree of generalization.	IPM	
IoT root union: A decentralized name resolving system for IoT based on blockchain	It allows the IoT manufacturers to protect their own name resolution process by individually choosing a name for the management company.	IPM	
IoT root union: A decentralized name resolving system for IoT based on blockchain	IoT-RU is a decentralized name resolution framework for IoT.	IPM	
Edge-Based Blockchain Architecture for Event-Driven IoT using Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption	A blockchain architecture for IoT that protects privacy through Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption (HIBE).	IPM	
Edge-Based Blockchain Architecture for Event-Driven IoT using Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption	Many testings using Contiki OS are done to test the efficiency of the proposed architecture.	IPM	
Bias-Aware Hierarchical Clustering for detecting the discriminated groups of users in recommendation systems	Introduced an unique method for identifying and defining potentially discriminated user groups for a given recommendation algorithm.	IPM	
A movie recommendation method based on users' positive and negative profiles	"What to do, to predict users movie ratings by using a collaborative filtering algorithm to classify users movie preferences"	IPM	
A movie recommendation method based on users' positive and negative profiles	"The MAE index of the conventional collaborative filtering system can be improved by 12.54 percent, the MAPE index by 17.68 percent, and the F1 index by 10.16 percent."	IPM	
ALICIA: Applied Intelligence in blockchain based VANET: Accident Validation as a Case Study	 The Artificial Neural Network (ANN) is used to identify when and which nodes to remove during the consensus phase in ALICIA (Applied Intelligence in bloCkchaIn vAnet).	IPM	
ALICIA: Applied Intelligence in blockchain based VANET: Accident Validation as a Case Study	"Hyperledger Fabric (HF), a blockchain platform established as part of the Hyperledger Project, is often used to implement the architecture, and uses the Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT) method to reach consensus because adding transactions to the blockchain does not need a large amount of computing capacity."	IPM	
Multi-service model for blockchain networks	The use of a decentralized authority to control multi-service networks and also this framework analyzes the offer and estimates the product price based on transaction complexity and computational effort.	IPM	
On the design and implementation of a secure blockchain-based hybrid framework for Industrial Internet-of-Things	A hybrid Blockchain mechanism for securing a multi-national level IIoT with offices in different areas.	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Utilize an off-chain storing mechanism to improve the scalability of the blockchain system.	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Develop a Decentralized Application (DApp) using Ethereum blockchain as a proof-of-concept of the proposed architecture.	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	"Conduct numerous tests to check the viability, compute costs, measure execution times and gauge the scalability of the developed prototypical DApp."	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Analyze the robustness of the developed DApp against the most widespread security attacks.	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Utilize an off-chain storing mechanism to improve the scalability of the blockchain system.	IPM	
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Introduce a novel blockchain-based pragmatic architecture for secure sharing of students’ credentials among all the stakeholders in the education ecosystem.	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy preservation for supply chains supporting lightweight multi-hop information accountability	The blockchain technology to improve the information availability and accountability across multiple hops of large supply chains while carefully gauging data privacy and transparency.	IPM	
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	"This research proposes an approach to encountering online review helpfulness problem from three qualitative perspectives - lexical, sequential and structural, with best of our knowledge, this is the first time in the literature where helpfulness of reviews is analysed from these perspectives."	IPM	
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	The study implements a Dual CNN (D-CNN) model for analysing lexical perspective.	IPM	
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	Structural perspective covers syntactic statistics of a review apart from the semantics of words.	IPM	
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	This work addresses the discrepancies involved in the helpfulness voting mechanism by scoring reviews with human volunteers.	IPM	
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	Temporal Changes in query activity is used for improving the result caching performance.	IPM	
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	A new caching framework exploiting temporal variations in user query submissions is proposed.	IPM	
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	The proposed framework improves both hit rate and response time.	IPM	
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	The proposed technique is transferable to posting list caching and intersection caching.	IPM	
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	QLLog can detect multiple types of log anomalies to reduce the false negative rate.	IPM	
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	QLLog provides a feedback mechanism to update the detection model and the abnormal level of abnormal logs.	IPM	
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	"We summarize the existing log anomaly detection methods, compare and analyze the advantages and disadvantages of them. The experimental result proves the superiority of QLLog."	IPM	
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	"We propose a novel blockchain-based scheme, which securely executes the royalty transactions among various stakeholders in (OaG) industries."	IPM	
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	A new consensus mechanism Proof of Property (PoP) is designed for secure transaction between (OaG) company and landowners.	IPM	
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	We then analysed and compared the performance of the proposed scheme of royalty contract transactions with the existing state-of-the art proposals.	IPM	
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	The performance of the proposed scheme is validated using various security parameters in comparison to the existing methods.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Identifying innovative ideas from different online reviews using deep learning	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	The long short-term memory (LSTM) model is used for identifying the  innovation sentences	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	"Validation of the model is done bys using Amazon reviews of 10,000 customers as it outperofrms baseline model"	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	This is the first to study the problem of co-clustering nodes on attributed HINs	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	A Framework called as SCCAIN used to effectively co-cluster nodes of different types at the same time.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"Aminer, DBLP, and a subset of the Alibaba consumer experience dataset were used in tests on three real-world datasets. SCCAIN is compared to different state-of-the-art models, and the experimental findings show that our model outperforms the baselines."	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Set the relevance matrix as sharing variables to improve the overall relevance metric and co-clustering.	IPM	
NDDSA: A network- and domain-based method for predicting drug-side effect associations	A network and domain-based algorithm (NDDSA) that assigns a score to each side effect to predict the side effects of new drug candidates before reaching the a clinical test	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	A framework for understanding how eHealth literacy and content valence can affect users' willingness to post health articles on social media was proposed	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share positive health articles when they have extreme confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share negative health articles when they have moderate confirmation bias or no confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a low level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share health articles regardless of positive or negative content valence when they have moderate positive confirmation bias.	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"we propose blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme without TTP, then we emphasize that our scheme is immune to privacy leakage from the third party and to collusion attacks of the cloud servers and the third party"	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme establishes a model based on the blockchain technology (a public distributed ledger). Once reaching the consensus, everyone, including the verifier, has the access to query the proof of the data for unlimited times from the blockchain, and cannot manipulate the data on the blockchain"	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme provides a solution to ensure the privacy-preserving public verification as well as the batch verification for multi-user data or multi-data simultaneously. It is secure against the malicious server and immune to the delayed auditor. Otherwise, it reduces the cost of the communication and storage"	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	define and solve the social influence based community detection problem in EBSNs	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"propose to compute the structure-based social influence and behaviour-based social influence by considering both of the online social network structure and offline behaviours of EBSNs. In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Based on the obtained pairwise social influence, we devise a social influence based community detection (SICD) algorithm, in which a neighborhood based deep autoencoder is first proposed to learn the community-oriented latent representations of users, and then the widely used k-means clustering method is utilized to find communities."	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"evaluate the performance of our community detection algorithm on real-world dataset which is collected from DoubanEvent (i.e., the biggest event-based social network in China). Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is suitable for community detection in EBSNs"	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"the first time in the literature, we propose to learn the importance of aspects by re-ranking the candidate set for each aspect and leveraging QPPs. In the closest work to ours in the literature, Ozdemiray and Altingovde (2014) directly employed such QPP estimates as the aspect importance values, but they did not explore the idea of training a model to predict these values, as we do in the AspectRanker framework."	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"adapt the LambdaMerge approach to search result diversification casting the diversification problem as a fusion task, namely the supervised merging of rankings per query aspect. Again, earlier works only considered traditional (unsupervised) merging strategies in this context (e.g., Ozdemiray & Altingovde, 2015), but did not exploit supervised learning. In our adaptation of LambdaMerge, we learn the aspects’ importance based on the representation quality of each aspect in the candidate set (as in AspectRanker), and we optimize an objective function that takes into account the relevance (of a document) to multiple aspects of a query."	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"proposed frameworks, especially AspectRanker and LmDiv, outperform all three baselines in terms of various well-known metrics"	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"the extractive text summarization was handled by three objectives based on the summarization dataset, the feature space and the methods used for determining an importance degree to sentences."	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed"	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The extractive summarization problem was revisited	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The syntactic and semantic feature spaces used in summarization were comprehensively investigated.	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	An ensembled feature space was introduced on a new long short-term memory-based neural network model (LSTM-NN).	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization"	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We provide an inclusive, intelligent, semi-auto-constructed knowledge graph framework HKGB for the medical domain to build knowledge graphs."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We analyze the capabilities and requirements of clinicians, design the tasks to involve the clinicians, and implement a clinician-in-the-loop tool set."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Introducing a robust decision-making procedure for selecting a model to explain the dynamic conversation topics. We design an adaptive framework to use gained knowledge for improving the results over time.	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Using neural network transfer learning techniques to enhance the framework ability to detect unrelated messages over twitter data streams.	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Create an automatic deep cleaning method to enhance the quality of data to perform better classification in a noisy environment.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We present an extensive review of the state of the art in misogyny detection.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We propose a state-of-the-art model to detect misogyny in social media, and test it on several benchmark datasets."	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We investigate the most predictive features to distinguish misogynistic content from not-misogynistic content.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We investigate the relationship between misogyny and other abusive phenomena by conducting a cross-domain classification setting, leveraging the knowledge transfer from other kinds of hateful language to detect misogyny and vice versa."	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We present the results of experiments in a cross-lingual setting, aiming at learning and generalizing knowledge about misogyny over datasets in different languages."	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study to investigate deep learning algorithms in banking document understanding	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Automation of customer banking order documents reduced cycle times significantly	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Investigated traditional and deep learning approaches in noisy text NER	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Novel graph-based complex relation extraction algorithm outperforms previous methods	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	"N-ary, nested, document-level, and previously indeterminate quantity of complex relations extracted successfully"	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Incorporating document layout information improves performances substantially	IPM	
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	Relation gated LSTM (R-LSTM) architecture that uses an additional control input to regulate the LSTM hidden state	IPM	
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	Typed Dependency Tree-LSTM model using R-LSTMs for learning sentence semantic representation over the dependency parse tree.	IPM	
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	A qualitative analysis of the role of typed dependencies in language understanding	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	propose a novel neighborhood-based recommendation model. The core component of the model is a hybrid gated network that is invulnerable to neighborhood noises when exploiting neighborhood information for recommendation	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"first automatically separates similar neighbors from the dissimilar ones with a thresholding mechanism, and only aggregates those similar neighbors to produce the neighborhood representations. Then, it further filters out noises in the neighborhood by pooling representations of users and their neighborhood while considering the confidence level of the neighborhood information. Therefore, we are able to select the most informative neighbors and encode the credibility of neighborhood information for recommendation."	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We explicitly preserve user-neighbor proximity for learning compact user representations. The user-neighbor similarities are captured by predicting users with their neighbors. Since the neighborhood representations are parameterized by the users, neighbors and the target items, user representations are learned by attending to the informative neighbors and specified for the recommendation task. We integrate the hybrid gated network and user-neighbor proximity components into a unified model, where they can mutually complement and reinforce each other to enhance the recommendation performance."	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"validate the effectiveness of the proposed model with three public datasets, and demonstrate its advantage over the state-of-the-art models. We also study different variants of the proposed model to justify the intuitions underlying each of its components."	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"stakeholder categorization and the topic analysis, resulting in a deeper understanding of privacy concerns of each type of stakeholders"	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"in an open social media platform, a variety of other stakeholders such as experts, privacy advocates, patient groups can also demonstrate their concerns, which demonstrates the feasibility of using social media for collecting views and opinions in this context"	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We explore a new problem of Speakers Coreference Resolution in legal texts, and provide annotated dataset for further research."	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We investigate two different solutions to resolve coreference, and create document-level graphs to integrate contextual information. It enables us to effectively establish dependencies between entities and avoid making locally consistent but globally inconsistent decisions"	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"The proposed method achieves competitive performance, outperforming the baseline systems by a large margin, which can be applied in many downstream tasks such as question answering and text understanding."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"We introduce GENE, a method for generating user networks conditioned on the joint representation of users, entities, and the inclination of users towards those entities (positive, neutral or negative)."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"Extensive experiments indicate that for the task of controversy detection, GENE creates a rich representation of user networks, conditioned on polarized entities, that outperforms both lexicon-based methods as well as graph representations which do not exploit the entities and polarization contexts."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"In an early controversy detection setting, GENE also shows superior performance compared to other methods, favoring the early forecast of polarization in a user network and the characterization of a scenario for the emergence of controversy"	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	We release a new dataset that includes news and conversational threads from which this study was conducted	IPM	
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	Moment matching and geometry alignment are leveraged in a unified framework to handle multi-source domain adaptation problems	IPM	
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"The first-order MMDs measure the discrepancies between different domains, while Laplacian graphs are constructed to preserve the geometric structure. Specifically, MMDs are minimized to reduce the distribution gap of the source and target domains, while the similarity and discriminability of sample relationship are preserved in the designed undirected graphs"	IPM	
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	Both of moment matching and geometry alignment facilitate to learn a domain-invariant subspace where knowledge can be transferred across domains in the learned subspace.	IPM	
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"Based on the new representations learned in the common feature subspace, we propose two strategies (ALP-u and ALP-s) for pseudo-labeling in both low-dimensional subspace and high-dimensional RKHS. Predictions based on low-dimensional subspace avoid the curse of dimensionality (Duda, Hart, & Stork, 2012), while predictions on high-dimensional RKHS prevents the model from losing information in dimensionality reduction. Therefore, the accurate label prediction facilitate to update the subspace learning."	IPM	
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"We carry out extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of ALP-u and ALP-s on different domain adaptation scenarios, including traditional single-source-to-single-target, multi-sources-to-single-target and multi-sources-to-multi-targets. Our work surpasses state-of-the-arts on three benchmark datasets notably."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"A novel broad-coverage, domain-independent, unsupervised phonetic encoder for Roman Hindi/Urdu word normalization is presented, which utilizes a transliteration based approach to assign the same matching code to lexical variations of a Roman Urdu word. This technique is referred to as the Transliteration based Encoding technique for Roman Urdu word Normalization (TERUN"	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	The impact of word standardization on Roman Urdu sentiment analysis classification accuracy is evaluated using TERUN and other established techniques.	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN outperformed the other techniques: Soundex, Metaphone, Double-Metaphone, Caverphone, New York State Identification and Intelligence System (NYSIIS) and Kölner Phonetik (Kph), using accuracy as a performance measure. Also, statistical tests (t-test and confidence interval) show that the improvements are statistically significant."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN and other established encoding techniques are intrinsically evaluated using 20,000 lexically variant words. The results clearly show the superiority of TERUN over the other encoding techniques."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN is also extended from a corpus dependent to a broad-coverage corpus independent Roman Urdu word normalization technique. To do this, a dataset of 50,000 of the most frequent Urdu words was collected and annotated to a standard Roman form using comprehensive annotation guidelines defined explicitly for this purpose."	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"The proposition of Drink2Vec and an assessment on the most effective way to integrate distributional semantics with external enrichment contextual strategies to improve the classification of alcohol-related tweets. Drink2Vec encompasses Drink2Symbol, a method that evolved from our previous work (Grzeça et al., 2018"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"We demonstrate that drinking embeddings capture interesting nuances of alcohol consumption vocabulary, and that a stacking ensemble (Drink2Ensemble) balances the strengths of each method. Using our techniques, we outperformed existing baselines (Grzeça, Becker, Galante, 2018, Hossain, Hu, Feizi, White, Luo, Kautz, 2016). These methods can be adapted to several other domains, such as the consumption of other types of drugs, gender and social harassment, gender discrimination or violence, flame or hate, among others;"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"An evaluation of the contribution of the underlying contextual enrichment strategies to this classification problem according to a broad experimental setting. It encompasses distinct classifiers used in winning solutions on Kaggle competitions, five datasets addressing different alcohol consumption behaviors, and an in-depth analysis of the contributions of each contextual enrichment strategy to alcohol-related texting, and their integration."	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"Two new datasets containing tweets mentioning alcohol and its consumption, which can be used in future studies related to the classification of alcohol-related tweets."	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A prevention system to Fake News rather than only a detection system	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A customized Proof-of-Authority protocol	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	An applicable scenario of Blockchain technology outside of its financial roots	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We define a new application-oriented variation of the event relatedness classification task, which merges different fine-grained event relation types reported elsewhere into one concept, and which focuses on linking automatically extracted event templates, potentially containing erroneous and incomplete information,"	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We explore and compare the relatedness classification performance on this new task across a range of shallow learning methods (including the current state-of-the-art methods) built on a set of linguistically lightweight features (some of which not presented elsewhere, e.g. HypernymOverlap via exploitation of BabelNet), being easily portable across languages,"	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We provide initial results of exploiting deep learning techniques for this purpose, and"	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	We create and make available to the research community a new moderate-size event corpus annotated with event relatedness information that appears bigger than other relevant resources made available to the community.	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	a framework to analyze the emotional reactions on Twitter to mass violence events	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"The framework encompasses different aspects of the analysis: crawling of representative pre/post-event tweets, inference of users’ demographics and location, and emotion classification. The framework addresses gaps of related work, which are limited to sentiment polarity mostly using sentiment lexicons, disregard the intrinsic properties of the users and the events, and typically address a single mass violent event"	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"The framework could be used to derive conclusions on the emotional reactions to all sorts of mass traumatic events (e.g., pandemics, urban violence, natural disasters)."	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"new insights on the emotional impact to mass shootings, which detail the prevalent basic emotions, and their relation to age, gender and proximity to the event. The findings could be generalized due to the use of eight mass shooting events. As a by-product, we produced datasets publicly available under the terms established by current Twitter Data Policy. The datasets comprise the tweets analyzed, the automatically labeled instances used as training sets, and a manually annotated Gold Standard."	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"a technique to automatically generate training seeds for the mass violence domain, and experiments with three deep learning strategies to develop an emotion classifier. CNN and biLSTM correspond to tailored solutions that explore distinct learning premises, and BERT represents a new tendency on NLP of developing models by fine-tuning large language representation models"	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	We assessed these models’ performance and analyzed the influential features for classification using model explainability scores. The guidelines provided by our work for emotion classification may encourage wider adoption of deep learning models for social studies that leverage emotion mining on Twitter data.	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We propose an entity-aware enhanced word representation with rich context, which enables the downstream modules to learn robust semantic features"	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We combine the global gate structure and the PCNN (Zeng, Liu, Chen, & Zhao, 2015) to better capture the global and local features of the sentence."	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We introduce a gate mechanism after the max-pooling layer of the PCNN model, which assigns different weights to the three segments and highlights the effects of crucial segments."	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	Our model is evaluated on a widely used benchmark dataset and outperforms most of the state-of-the-art methods.	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	We propose a semantic rebasing mechanism to learn a sparse semantic graph structure over the training set to preserve similarity information shared by different modalities for binary code learning after geometric graph construction	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	"Different from those existing unsupervised cross-modal hashing methods, our method focus on both similarity preserving and quantization to gain satisfied retrieval performance. Besides, the auto-encoding structure is included to improve our model, which is seldom used in cross-modal hashing."	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	"Comprehensive experimental evaluations are conducted on four popular datasets, including (Rasiwasia et al., 2010), MIRFlickr-25K (Huiskes & Lew, 2008), MSCOCO (Lin et al., 2014) and NUS-WIDE (Chua et al., 2009), showing the proposed model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods."	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"his paper reviews the existing microblog user geolocalisation methods, and summarizes a general framework for microblog user geolocalisation. Along with the framework, we review the studies on user geolocalisation from the aspects of data acquisition, data preprocessing, location representation, user geolocalisation methods categorization, and evaluation metrics."	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Based on the input of the geolocalisation algorithm, we categorize microblog user geolocalisation methods into three categories: text-based methods, network-based methods, and multi-view based methods. We summarize the advantages and limitations of each type of method theoretically."	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	We conduct a performance comparison of existing methods based on the results reported in existing literature with the most widely used real-world datasets and evaluation metrics. The advantages and disadvantages of existing methods are further uncovered by comparing them experimentally. Important research challenges that may need further attention are discussed according to our analysis.	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Survey findings conclude that multiview-based methods are superior to the text-based methods as well as the network-based methods. Besides that, existing user geolocalisation methods cannot capture the user's home location change, resulting in the misjudged results. Also, how to locate users from multiple social platforms is relatively unaddressed. Hence, the geolocalization of users across multiple social platforms is one of the problems that deserve further research."	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A review on the methodological and psychometric quality of both the instruments for consumer health information needs and those for patient needs that contained health information needs sections was conducted;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A two-phase literature search strategy was applied to retrieve relevant validation studies;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	"Overall, both groups of questionnaire instruments were not well developed: only structural validity, internal consistency tests and content validity analysis were performed in about 50 percent of them, while other types of validations were missing in most of them;"	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Instruments used for assessing patient needs were found to have better tests of construct validity and handling of floor and ceiling effects;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Theories and frameworks of information needs can be integrated within the development process to improve the design.	IPM	
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	GSR measure tailored for SEs and its evaluation within the construct validity framework;	IPM	
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	"audit, in terms of GSR, of several widely-known and used ranking algorithms;"	IPM	
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	"estimation of the impact of different WE debiasing approaches, both on ranking effectiveness and countering gender bias."	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Proposing a robust and non-convex semi-supervised solution to the opinion spam detection problem.	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Introducing Ramp loss function to decrease the effect of outliers and non-review opinions on the decision boundary of OC-SVM classifier.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Only 3.2% of the reviewed articles defined consumer health information needs (CHIN).	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	All definitions defined CHIN from a cognitive perspective.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Emotional and social dimensions of CHIN were largely ignored in the included studies.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	There was a lack of consensus in measuring CHIN among studies.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Health topics needed was the most commonly measured aspect.	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Information needs are described as task-based activities.	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Task-based information needs are dependent of both individual characteristics and work task context.	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	We introduce a novel differentiation between horizontal and vertical relationships for information needs.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Need of migrating from token-based representations to synset-based ones to achieve better performance on spam filtering.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Review of current synset-based feature reduction schemes and representations.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Introducing SDRS feature reduction process based on the usage of NSGA-II algoritm and semantic taxonomic relations between tokens	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Design and execute a experimental protocol to test the suitability of SDRS dimensionality reduction method.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	Detecting shape of expertise is a practical and industry-motivated problem.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	A CNN-based model was proposed in this study to detect users’ shape of expertise.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	The proposed method is based on matching both latent vectors of users and queries.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Social endorsement strongly negatively moderates the relationship between willingness to pay and payment behavior.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	"Perceived quality of free content, perceived credibility of content creators, and perceived quantity of participants positively influence users’ willingness to pay."	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Perceived likeability of content creators has no significant influence on users’ willingness to pay.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	The relationship between perceived likeability of content creators and willingness to pay could be mediated by perceived credibility of content creators.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	A novel method called CBRDQ is proposed to measure the qualities of investor sentiments about a specific stock.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Different quality assessment methods are compared in a unifying stock recommendation framework.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	The proposed method is more appropriate for deriving sensible investment decisions than baselines.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	The effectiveness of CBRDQ confirms the variation of investors’ expertise in different stocks.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Findings in this study have implications for trading practice and judgment of the quality of a review.	IPM	
Incorporating stock prices and news sentiments for stock market prediction: A case of Hong Kong	"Based on both technical indicators and news sentiments, the LSTM models outperform the MKL and the SVM in both prediction accuracy and F1 score."	IPM	
Incorporating stock prices and news sentiments for stock market prediction: A case of Hong Kong	"The LSTM models incorporating both information sources outperform the models that only use either technical indicators or news sentiments, in both individual stock level and sector level."	IPM	
Incorporating stock prices and news sentiments for stock market prediction: A case of Hong Kong	"Among the four sentiment dictionaries, finance domain specific sentiment dictionary (Loughran-McDonald Financial Dictionary) models the new sentiments better, which brings at most 120% prediction performance improvement, comparing with the other three dictionaries "	IPM	
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	This paper investigates the effects of emotions in social media (ESM) on the stock market during the market crash using a cognition-based framework.	IPM	
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	"It is verified that ESM firstly influence the market cognition, and then influence the stock market during the market crash."	IPM	
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	High arousal ESM increases the probability of market cognition of a crash state both in-crash and post-crash periods.	IPM	
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	Positive valence ESM adjusts the market cognition to the stable state only in the later stage of the market crash	IPM	
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	“Fear” and “Disgust” are the two significant sub-categorical emotions correlated with the market cognition during the market crash.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"the model is built based on prior work on web credibility assessment and tested in the special case of good abandonment, which supplies an empirical validation to the existing theories of credibility study"	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"he proposed model is validated and improved by search behavior in the scenario of good abandonment, which fills in the gap of understanding good abandonment behavior"	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	the difference of credibility assessment criteria between the proposed model and other models inspires the UI/UX design of the result page in different search scenarios.	IPM	
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	A novel topic-mining method is proposed to identify initiators’ intentions from a plethora of project descriptions.	IPM	
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	The spatial allocation of donations is investigated by exploring the spatial patterns of cross-regional donation flows.	IPM	
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	Most of the donations are used to fund neglected children in rural areas and neglected elders.	IPM	
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	The flow of donations is not equitably distributed and tends to be concentrated in a few relatively developed regions.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Benefits of wikipedia for the automatic generation of educational domain modules.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	A new representation formalism for multilingual domain modules.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual domain topics.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying pedagogical relationships among topics.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual learning objects.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Development of an analysis of how Wikipedia disease-related articles in English evolve over time.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Historical information is extracted from the articles and how their content (references, characters, diagnostic-related terms) change over time is analysed"	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Most of the articles increase their content through time and this is not influenced by the number of references.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Hot topics/diseases attract highest number of editions and views.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Less well-known diseases have abrupt changes, which might be consequence of having new knowledge about them."	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We present an efficient strategy for augmenting existing paraphrase and non-paraphrase annotations in a consistent manner. This strategy generates additional annotations and enhances the performance of the data-hungry deep learning models.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We develop a multi-cascaded learning model for robust paraphrase detection in both clean and noisy texts. This model incorporates multiple learned and linguistic features in a wide and deep network for paraphrase detection.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We address both clean and noisy texts in our presentation and show that the proposed model matches current best performances on benchmark datasets of both types.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We analyze the impact of various data augmentation steps and different components of the multi-cascaded model on paraphrase detection performance.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We address the problem of generating SRs from spatial data streams and static data in real-time. This problem is related to computing topological relationships and distances between spatial objects in a timely manner. Our work is the first attempt to utilize hierarchical tree structures such as R-tree for generating SRs.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We design a novel index structure based on R-tree with RRs called R3 index to store spatial objects and support SR generation. We devise an efficient and effective algorithm that leverages relationships and distances between the RRs to filter candidate objects and generate SRs.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using real-world datasets and report on the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Heuristic operators are proposed for interesting class association rule mining.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Our proposal remains focused and avoids the exponential curse of other alternatives.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Generated rule sets are more attractive for the subsequent expert inspection.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Interesting descriptions of certain colorectal cancer cases were obtained.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Infection diagnosis is critical in social environments; otherwise diseases may spread fast.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Clinical decision support system was developed for infection diagnosis in nursing homes using small data; AUROC of 0.734 achieved.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"In small data environments, external sources of data can improve diagnosis performance with little cost."	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"When considering additional data (social data and weather information), AUROC increases up to 0.798."	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"For diagnosis, smaller leads (historical data) is preferred, but larger leads improve the results when adding social data."	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Umrah is a Religious ritual that can happen any time in the year. Many people gather in the holy city of Makkah in Saudi Arabia which represents a health hazard.	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	It is difficult to identify crowding seasons for Umrah.	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Google Trends has been used in research to track people interest. It is used in this research to find Umrah monthly seasonality	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Mass gathering is considered as intensifying factor for flu outbreaks	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	"In the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, there are seasons with more Umrah performers according to Google Trends. Mainly in the months of Rajab (7th month) and Ramadan (9th month), and ThuAlqidah (11th month) in the Islamic Lunar calendar."	IPM	
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	The research found a correlation between these months and flu cases reported in the Province hospital. Peaks were noticed three months after seasons of gatherings	IPM	
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	The paper provides a practical guideline on the effective features to use in the feature engineering paradigm for Chinese medical literature section identification. We also show that this traditional approach performs very well in this task as compared with deep learning methods	IPM	
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	The paper shows that it is important to consider the dependencies between sentences for section identification in both feature engineering and deep learning approaches	IPM	
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	"The deep learning model outperforms traditional models when this feature is considered. Although the dependencies of sentences are considered in previous feature engineering studies for section identification, they were not studied in a deep learning context. Moreover, most previous studies taking this approach are based on short texts, such as abstracts. Our study increases the generalizability of this finding to the full text of Chinese traditional medical documents"	IPM	
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	"This paper proposes a SLSTM deep learning model that is very effective for section identification. While we believe there exist other more effective models to be explored in future research, our study shows the potential of this particular model, which may be applicable to other generic sentence classification problems."	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose Rule Assembler, a configurable approach that is able to classify duplicate entities based on confidence scores, taking into account tunable parameters as well as user preferences;"	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose four heuristics for turning the results produced by logical rules into confidence scores (i.e., a continuous quantification associated with the confidence produced by the rule regarding the duplicity of the entity pairs);"	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose a novel auto-tuning algorithm for classifying duplicate entities based on confidence scores;	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose an efficient algorithm for tuning the parameters of the Rule Assembler (considering scenarios in which training data is available);	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We present an experimental evaluation of the proposed approach using both real-world and synthetic datasets, which indicates the usefulness and efficiency of the proposed approach, as well as its capacity to improve the results produced by baseline RbER algorithms in DNF and by the basic assembly approach (voting)"	IPM	
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	"Four biomedical areas, including general and internal medicine and complementary and alternative medicine receive more Facebook attention."	IPM	
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	No biomedical areas receive little Facebook attention.	IPM	
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	The relationship between Facebook mentions and citations varies by field and public interest.	IPM	
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	Facebook mentions predict future citations less well for fields with variable public interest.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We propose a model for live streaming recommendation to improve performance.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We address the problem of how to simultaneously make predictions from both viewer and anchor sides.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We develop multiple mechanisms to help the two sides learn from each other to enhance mutual learning.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	Experiment study demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed model and mechanisms.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The objective of this study is to systematically investigate the determinants of successful medical crowdfunding projects in China by conducting a mixed-methods approach.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	Health-related characteristics were found to be the most significant trigger influencing the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	A number of demographic and social factors are also significantly related to the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The study sheds light on the localized practices of medical crowdfunding in China with global insights.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential information provenance for mHealth technologies.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Distributed data management via consortium blockchains.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential smart-contract execution via trusted execution environments.	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	" research of data behavior generated by smart contracts and users in Ethereum, including the trend of Balance and the changes of Ether, transaction activities generated by users and smart contracts."	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"ased on our analysis of these contracts, we find that the transaction behavior has independent characteristics between different types of contracts"	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"We collected more than 10,000 smart contracts from Ethereum and manually analyzed the behavior of their transactions. We finally find out four behavior patterns that can help us to have a better understanding of the contracts’ transaction behavior, and they could be used to distinguish different types of contracts."	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"To further research on this topic, we constructed 14 basic features to describe the transaction behavior. They are time-series data and constructed based on the major activities of a contract."	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	We propose a data slicing approach for slicing the collected smart contracts to solve the problem of insufficient datasets. Then we use them for training an LSTM network and the results show the effectiveness of our approach.	IPM	
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	"In the academic context, focused on the peer seeking behavior in pages, movements and pathways from experimental situation."	IPM	
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	"Three types for pathways are identified by cluster analysis, combined with questionnaires and interviews."	IPM	
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	The search intensions have an impact on the different pathways.	IPM	
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	Implications for the interface design of ASNS are proposed based on the characteristics of searching process.	IPM	
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	his paper addresses the problem of victim item deletion based sensitive pattern hiding using PSO.	IPM	
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"In VIDPSO algorithm, victim items are chosen based on their participation in sensitive patterns. The priority is given to the item appearing in more number of sensitive patterns. Hence, the deletion of one victim item from a specified number of transactions masks more than one sensitive pattern. Therefore, it incurs less data loss."	IPM	
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"In the dense dataset, the support count values of itemsets are generally high. Therefore, a large number of transactions need to be deleted to hide sensitive itemsets, which causes high misses cost and data loss. The proposed algorithm hides the sensitive patterns from dense datasets with less data loss and misses cost."	IPM	
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"The deletion of transactions reduces the size of the dataset and also the value of minimum support count. So, it does not reduce the support count of itemsets large enough to convert sensitive frequent itemsets into infrequent ones, which leads to high hiding failure, especially in dense datasets. Hence, VIDPSO proves to be an effective algorithm to hide sensitive itemsets."	IPM	
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	The proposed VIDPSO algorithm has more exploration capability gained by introducing the idea of traversing new paths (transactions) in the velocity updating method. It helps to find an optimal solution with fast convergence.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Emotion-based approach for efficient search and media management represents an important part of personalized music information retrieval.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Efficient system for detecting affective music content on a dimensional model of emotions is developed.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Proposed approach uses human cochlear model and Convolutional neural network to extract relevant music features.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	The experimental results prove the effectiveness of our proposal in all aspects of music emotion recognition.	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The transformative computing in advanced data analysis was proposed.	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The advanced data analysis processes in different structures were described.	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The possible application of transformative computing was presented	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We develop a new method MGAT, which incorporates attention mechanism into the graph neural network framework, to disentangle user preferences on different modalities."	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"Technically, the model introduces the gated attention mechanism to control and weight the information flow in multimodal interaction graphs, which facilitates the understanding of user behaviors."	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We perform extensive experiments on two datasets to verify the rationality and effectiveness of MGAT. Moreover, because of user privacy, only user IDs are considered in this work. We will release the code and parameter settings upon acceptance."	IPM	
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	"To increase the identification of cancerous lesions in mammograms,"	IPM	
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	"Aimed to create the BDR-CNN-GCN system, which integrates multiple advanced neural networks they are graph convolutional network (GCN), convolutional neural network (CNN) & rank-based stochastic pooling (RSP) which are named as Net-0, Net-1…Net-5."	IPM	
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	Among the six neural networks Net-5 is considered as the best as its results as good.	IPM	
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	This problem is addressed using a novel self-training method for optimizing GCN accuracy on semi-supervised classification tasks.	IPM	
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	A very optimistic study observations are identified using a margin score and a rank-based model. This framework can be used for a variety of GCNs.	IPM	
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	Four GCN variants are taken into account in the analysis. Self-training on variations including its four GCN models yielded the highest performance for rank aggregation.	IPM	
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	"The aim is to solve the issues which occurs with semi supervised learning, it is which Semi-supervised learning involves using both labelled as well as unlabeled samples to learn."	IPM	
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	The need for a standard evaluation parameter regarding sampling from unlabeled data to derive relevant unlabeled data points is one of the key problems of semi-supervised learning.	IPM	
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	"For sampling from unlabeled data, the chosen strategy employs a neighborhood construction algorithm based on maximum data points and an Apollonius circle."	IPM	
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"Glaucoma is an eye disease, it can be ditected by experts but considering china it is tough as it has huge population. Even though automatic diagnosis procedures are discovered, still the major concern introduced here is how to increase the accuracy of automated diagnosis by taking complexity into account and extracting crucial details from multimodal data such as patient symptoms, photographs, and texts."	IPM	
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"The methods used to solve are Bayesian deep multisource learning (BDMSL) model, multisource learning."	IPM	
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"As per the results obtained from the data taken from an eye hospital in china, BDMSL model gives the accurate results after testing with both models."	IPM	
A comparative study of effective approaches for Arabic sentiment analysis	"Arabic sentiment analysis has gotten more recognition, with several methods demonstrating considerable success in identifying sentiment through various datasets. The main concern here is to identify the most effective  method so as to  identify the major field limitations in Arabic sentiment analysis and recommend the far more pressing suggestions for future analysis in this field."	IPM	
A comparative study of effective approaches for Arabic sentiment analysis	BERT-based models for Arabic SA is applied and their conduct is differentiated with current SA techniques. Result is that using Arabic basic BERT is preferable.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	"While gathering sentiments and producing investment decisions, forecasting and estimating the characteristics of investor sentiments is a crucial challenge. Here in this article it is said to be proved that the importance of concluding that the characteristics of a single user's feelings against dissimilar stocks are not the same."	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Proposed a novel method called correlation-based robust dynamic qualities (CBRDQ) to model the qualities of investor sentiments more accurately by considering the correlations among stocks.	IPM	
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	"Based on a large-scale dataset from the real-world investor platform StockTwits, we evaluate CBRDQ and several conventional methods in a unifying stock recommendation framework"	IPM	
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	Proposed a novel accuracy-diversity trade-off framework for RecSys via graph convolutions. The model operates on a NN graph to improve accuracy and on a FN graph to improve diversity.	IPM	
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	We develop design strategies that estimate the joint model parameters in view of both accuracy and diversity.	IPM	
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	We analyze the joint model in the graph-spectral domain to provide an alternative interpretation of how the proposed approach balances accuracy with diversity. T	IPM	
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	"We evaluate two types of trade-offs: i) an accuracy-diversity trade-off w.r.t. catalog coverage (i.e., aggregated diversity), and ii) an accuracy-diversity trade-off w.r.t. list diversity (i.e., individual diversity)."	IPM	
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	We first propose an unsupervised topic model named VAETM for short texts.	IPM	
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	We then consider label information in dataset to boost VAETM.	IPM	
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	A KL-divergence-based algorithm is used to infer approximate posterior distribution.	IPM	
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	Extensive experiments demonstrate our models outperform state-of-the-art baselines.	IPM	
Understanding how and when user inertia matters in fitness app exploration: A moderated mediation model	Inertia negatively influences perceived need and fitness app exploration.	IPM	
Understanding how and when user inertia matters in fitness app exploration: A moderated mediation model	Perceived need mediates the relationship between inertia and exploration.	IPM	
Understanding how and when user inertia matters in fitness app exploration: A moderated mediation model	Health goal weakens the relationship between inertia and perceived need.	IPM	
Understanding how and when user inertia matters in fitness app exploration: A moderated mediation model	Health goal weakens the direct effect of inertia on intention to explore.	IPM	
Understanding how and when user inertia matters in fitness app exploration: A moderated mediation model	Health goal weakens the indirect effect of inertia on IEFA via perceived need.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We propose a model for live streaming recommendation to improve performance.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We address the problem of how to simultaneously make predictions from both viewer and anchor sides.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We develop multiple mechanisms to help the two sides learn from each other to enhance mutual learning.	IPM	
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	Experiment study demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed model and mechanisms.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The objective of this study is to systematically investigate the determinants of successful medical crowdfunding projects in China by conducting a mixed-methods approach.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	A number of demographic and social factors are also significantly related to the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The study sheds light on the localized practices of medical crowdfunding in China with global insights.	IPM	
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	Health-related characteristics were found to be the most significant trigger influencing the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential information provenance for mHealth technologies.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Distributed data management via consortium blockchains.	IPM	
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential smart-contract execution via trusted execution environments.	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"We collected more than 10,000 smart contracts from Ethereum and manually analyzed the behavior of their transactions. We finally find out four behavior patterns that can help us to have a better understanding of the contracts’ transaction behavior, and they could be used to distinguish different types of contracts."	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"To further research on this topic, we constructed 14 basic features to describe the transaction behavior. They are time-series data and constructed based on the major activities of a contract."	IPM	
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"We propose a data slicing approach for slicing the collected smart contracts to solve the problem of insufficient datasets. Then we use them for training an LSTM network and the results show the effectiveness of our approach.

"	IPM	
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	The decentralized management of the security-related information in the smart city ecosystem is discussed.	IPM	
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	Blockchain-based identity management and access control is integrated within FIWARE	IPM	
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	The comparison of the proposed approach with the one using databases has been presented.	IPM	
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	We explore the use of Variational Autoencoders for syntactic Web Service discovery.	IPM	
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	"We evaluate our approach using a 17113-service dataset, the largest among the research community."	IPM	
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	"Our approach outperforms service engines based on traditional dimensionality reduction techniques (LSA, LDA)."	IPM	
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	Our approach outperforms service engines based on Word Embeddings.	IPM	
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	Average query processing times and VAE training times confirm that our approach is viable in practice.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Benefits of wikipedia for the automatic generation of educational domain modules.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	A new representation formalism for multilingual domain modules.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual domain topics.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying pedagogical relationships among topics.	IPM	
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual learning objects.	IPM	
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	"This study contributes to generating the Roman Urdu corpus by annotating 10,021 reviews for the task of sentiment analysis."	IPM	
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	The deep learning models such as RCNN can help in text classification task for the under resource Urdu language.	IPM	
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	"The RCNN outperforms Rule-based and N-gram methods, due to its ability to learn a language-independent textual context."	IPM	
Listening to the investors: A novel framework for online lending default prediction using deep learning neural networks	"Our work has collected a massive P2P-domain dataset of online user reviews from Wangdaizhijia comprising of over 440000 online comments on about 6000 online P2P lending companies, which covers most of the China's P2P market."	IPM	
Listening to the investors: A novel framework for online lending default prediction using deep learning neural networks	"As for predictive clues from the investor perspective, we model it as a keyword extraction issue and propose an improved EBCC sequence labeling model."	IPM	
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	"A novel method, named FS-MLC, for feature selection in Multi-label classification is proposed."	IPM	
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	FS-MLC uses clustering to find the similarity among features.	IPM	
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	It is a wrapper method that does not require generating the number of feature subsets linearly proportional to the number of labels in the dataset.	IPM	
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	It reduces the dimensionality of the dataset up to 23%-93%.	IPM	
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	The experimental results show an impressive prediction performance improvement of the associated classifiers.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Need of migrating from token-based representations to synset-based ones to achieve better performance on spam filtering.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Review of current synset-based feature reduction schemes and representations.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Introducing SDRS feature reduction process based on the usage of NSGA-II algoritm and semantic taxonomic relations between tokens.	IPM	
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Design and execute a experimental protocol to test the suitability of SDRS dimensionality reduction method.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	Detecting shape of expertise is a practical and industry-motivated problem.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	A CNN-based model was proposed in this study to detect users’ shape of expertise.	IPM	
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	The proposed method is based on matching both latent vectors of users and queries.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Social endorsement strongly negatively moderates the relationship between willingness to pay and payment behavior.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	"Perceived quality of free content, perceived credibility of content creators, and perceived quantity of participants positively influence users’ willingness to pay.
"	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Perceived likeability of content creators has no significant influence on users’ willingness to pay.	IPM	
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	The relationship between perceived likeability of content creators and willingness to pay could be mediated by perceived credibility of content creators.	IPM	
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Crawl the web services or API from PW (i.e., online web repository) to generate datasets of services."	IPM	
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Investigate various topic modeling methods to extract latent factors i.e., topics from the services so that services can be represented in the form of topic vectors and dimensionality reduction can be achieved by selecting relevant words in the topics."	IPM	
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	Deploy Gibbs Sampling algorithm for Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture (GSDMM) model on datasets for the representation of services and dimensionality reduction.	IPM	
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Apply various clustering methods on the services, which are represented as topic vectors by applying topic modeling and GSDMM methods, to group similar services into the same domain."	IPM	
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	Evaluate the performance of methods by applying intrinsic and extrinsic measures and determine the effective dimension reduction and clustering approach for web service.	IPM	
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	It analyzes the knowledge shared by employees and suppliers within an enterprise social network.	IPM	
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Internal and external social networks have a different and powerful impact on process improvement.	IPM	
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Internal and external social networks influence the average cycle time of handling claims.	IPM	
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Not all the characteristics of the social network influence process improvement.	IPM	
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"A unified location recommendation framework that combines geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity is proposed to measure users’ check-in probability of unvisited locations."	IPM	
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	A novel method is developed based on category hierarchy to capture categorical preference by calculating the semantic similarity between location tags.	IPM	
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"Unlike existing studies, location popularity is exploited as a global attribute of location in this study. The priority ranks of locations derived by all three types of preferences are further adjusted by location popularity."	IPM	
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"The proposed recommendation approach is experimentally evaluated on two large-scale datasets collected from Weeplaces and Yelp; subsequently, it is compared with two state-of-the-art location recommendation baselines.

"	IPM	
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis

Author links open overlay panel"	The article scrutinizes influencing models and determinants in 229 big data studies.	IPM	
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis

Author links open overlay panel"	Big data adoption research (BDAD) is broadly dispersed across different domains.	IPM	
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis

Author links open overlay panel"	The models emphasize mainly on variance-based relationships and snapshot prediction with little consensus.	IPM	
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis

Author links open overlay panel"	The analysis highlights vibrant determinants of BDAD within each model and level of analysis.	IPM	
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis

Author links open overlay panel"	Insights of this bibliometric study could guide rigorous big data research and practice in various contexts.	IPM	
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We formally introduce the task of predicting corpus-independent term specificity based on a collection of neural embeddings.	IPM	
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	"We propose a host of unsupervised specificity metrics for predicting specificity based on neural embeddings. Further, we show that our proposed neural embedding-based metrics are robust to the choice of the pre-trained embeddings by assessing them over three different pre-trained embeddings."	IPM	
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We show how the proposed neural embedding-based specificity metrics can serve as pre-retrieval QPP methods. The proposed specificity metrics show promising performance when predicting query performance.	IPM	
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We offer two gold standard test collections consisting of term specificity measurements defined in relation to Wikipedia and DMOZ categories. These collections are made publicly available for replication studies.	IPM	
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	"We firstly propose to utilize global context to guide deformable convolution, which can obtain reasonable receptive fields with a global perspective."	IPM	
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	We introduce the class-wise global context to handle intensity non- uniformities in cross-modal organ segmentation.	IPM	
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	A novel loss which focuses on the areas near the boundary is proposed here and can deal with the border blurs well.	IPM	
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	We study the problem of video question answering from the viewpoint of modeling the rough video representation and the grounded video representation. The joint question-video representation based on rough representation and grounded representation of video is learned for answer predicting.	IPM	
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	"We propose the grounded cross-attention network learning framework, which is a novel hierarchical cross-attention method with a 
 cross-attention layer and a 
 cross-attention layer. The proposed GCANet adopts a novel mutual attention learning mechanism."	IPM	
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	"We construct two large-scale datasets for video question answering. The extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of our method.

"	IPM	
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	To study the irony detection problem for the English and the Spanish languages on two widely used corpora.	IPM	
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	"To present an approach based on Transformer Encoders for contextualizing pre-trained Twitter word embeddings. This system was the first ranked system in the IroSVA competition and, to our knowledge, it has achieved the second-best result on the corpus of SemEval."	IPM	
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	To propose several analysis strategies towards the understanding of the behavior of Transformer Encoder models and the features captured by them when addressing the irony detection problem e.g. word polarity and relationships among words.	IPM	
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	"To provide, under request, the implementation of our system for research purposes."	IPM	
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	A systematic literature review of social media bots detection methods based on Kichenham and Charters guidelines (2007).	IPM	
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	A refined taxonomy for social media bots detection methods is proposed.	IPM	
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	Comparisons between current detection methods are represented.	IPM	
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	Identification of some gaps in this research area to guide future researches.	IPM	
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	We propose and orchestrate new pre-processing steps for text classification pipelines.	IPM	
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	"We explore meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling."	IPM	
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	We provide thorough evaluations of the trade-offs between costs and effectiveness.	IPM	
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	Our final representations are more effective than word embeddings (up to 46%).	IPM	
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	Our processes induce large reductions in computational costs and memory consumption.	IPM	
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We propose a novel visual dialog method with multi-level attention.	IPM	
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	Three high-level attention modules are devised to select important words.	IPM	
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We also use attention to select relevant regions in the image.	IPM	
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We show the multi-level attention is effective in the visual dialog.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"he model is built based on prior work on web credibility assessment and tested in the special case of good abandonment, which supplies an empirical validation to the existing theories of credibility study"	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"the proposed model is validated and improved by search behavior in the scenario of good abandonment, which fills in the gap of understanding good abandonment behavior"	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"the difference of credibility assessment criteria between the proposed model and other models inspires the UI/UX design of the result page in different search scenarios.
"	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"This work contributes to the literature of information credibility by incorporating message format to prior studies, thus building a holistic framework"	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"This study enriches the current knowledge about information credibility in microblog context by verifying the effects of key predictors of credibility from a nonlinear perspective, which is an early effort to explore nonlinear relationships in user evaluation of microblog information credibility."	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	This paper presents a new hybrid loss function that enables the text summarisation model to generate easy-to-read simplified summaries.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A new evaluation measure for the combined tasks of summarisation and simplification has been proposed.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	"The proposed hybrid approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art neural text simplification and abstractive text summarisation models by 38.94% and 53.40%, respectively."	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We develop an encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (ED-Net).	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We introduce a synthetic loss function to overcome the data imbalanced problem.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We propose a novel method using ED-Net for intracranial hemorrhage segmentation.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We evaluate ED-Net on a multi-center intracranial hemorrhage clinical dataset.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	Both quantitative and visual results show ED-Net outperforms other methods.	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We propose the shallowest-possible, and perhaps the shallowest-ever, convolutional neural network model that can predict emotions from real-life, noisy, laggy, internet-based (in-the-wild) videos real-time, capturing nuances of emotions, i.e. value- and time-continuous affect prediction."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The research we present in this paper is directly relevant to healthcare for applications such as real-time patient monitoring, AI-assisted doctor-patient consultations."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The proposed models are computationally inexpensive, can be embedded into devices such as smartglasses."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We use a novel feature selection paradigm that is driven by feature attribution score computations.	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We investigate and reason the AI performance, present computations on how exactly it utilises the input features to make affect-related predictions (Explainable AI)."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We compute the relevance and utilisation of facial action unit (FAU)-derived features by the model, comparing it against the human perception of emotion expression."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We extend this FAU-based ’affect’ prediction approach to the FAU-based ’pain-intensity’ prediction problem.	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"As FAUs can be extracted in near real-time, and because the models we developed are exceptionally shallow, this study paves the way for a robust, cross-cultural, end-to-end, in-the-wild real-time affect and pain prediction, that is also (nuanced or) value- and time-continuous."	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	We find that the relationship with same semantic but different entity directions are easily confused. The concept of discrimination is proposed and used to solve this issue.	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed Di-LCNN significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first to study the problem of co-clustering nodes on attributed HINs. By designing the unified framework SCCAIN, we can effectively co-cluster nodes of different types at the same time."	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Our work overcomes the mentioned challenges including the integration of structural and attributed information and the suitable sharing factors of co-clustering and relevance measure.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	We propose a novel relevance measure that utilizes multiple meta-paths with learnable weights for the structural relevance and a parameterized attributed relevance measure for attributes in different spaces.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	We alternately optimize overall relevance measure and co-clustering by setting the relevance matrix as sharing factors.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"We perform extensive experiments on three real-world datasets, including Aminer, DBLP and a subset of Alibaba user activity dataset."	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"We compare SCCAIN against the various state of the arts and the experimental results discriminate that our model outperforms the baselines.

"	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share positive health articles when they have extreme confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share negative health articles when they have moderate confirmation bias or no confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a low level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share health articles regardless of positive or negative content valence when they have moderate positive confirmation bias.	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"In this paper, we propose blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme without TTP, then we emphasize that our scheme is immune to privacy leakage from the third party and to collusion attacks of the cloud servers and the third party."	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme establishes a model based on the blockchain technology (a public distributed ledger). Once reaching the consensus, everyone, including the verifier, has the access to query the proof of the data for unlimited times from the blockchain, and cannot manipulate the data on the blockchain."	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme provides a solution to ensure the privacy-preserving public verification as well as the batch verification for multi-user data or multi-data simultaneously. It is secure against the malicious server and immune to the delayed auditor. Otherwise, it reduces the cost of the communication and storage."	IPM	
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"The security analysis and experiment results demonstrate that this protocol is suitable for a secure and practical real-world application.
"	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	We define and solve the social influence based community detection problem in EBSNs.	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Besides, in order to derive the unified pairwise social influence, we propose to combine these two types of social influences through a weight function."	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Based on the obtained pairwise social influence, we devise a social influence based community detection (SICD) algorithm, in which a neighborhood based deep autoencoder is first proposed to learn the community-oriented latent representations of users, and then the widely used k-means clustering method is utilized to find communities."	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"We evaluate the performance of our community detection algorithm on real-world dataset which is collected from DoubanEvent (i.e., the biggest event-based social network in China). Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is suitable for community detection in EBSNs."	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We leverage supervised learning methods to improve the effectiveness of explicit search result diversification.	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as that of learning a ranking model, based on the coverage of query aspects by each candidate document."	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We learn the importance of query aspects by re-ranking the candidate documents for each aspect and leveraging query performance predictors.	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as a fusion task, namely, the supervised merging of rankings per query aspect."	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"A new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed."	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The extractive summarization problem was revisited.	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The syntactic and semantic feature spaces used in summarization were comprehensively investigated.	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	An ensembled feature space was introduced on a new long short-term memory-based neural network model (LSTM-NN).	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We provide an inclusive, intelligent, semi-auto-constructed knowledge graph framework HKGB for the medical domain to build knowledge graphs."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We analyze the capabilities and requirements of clinicians, design the tasks to involve the clinicians, and implement a clinician-in-the-loop tool set.
"	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph.
"	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved.	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Introducing a robust decision-making procedure for selecting a model to explain the dynamic conversation topics. We design an adaptive framework to use gained knowledge for improving the results over time.	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Using neural network transfer learning techniques to enhance the framework ability to detect unrelated messages over twitter data streams.	IPM	
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Create an automatic deep cleaning method to enhance the quality of data to perform better classification in a noisy environment.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We present an extensive review of the state of the art in misogyny detection.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We propose a state-of-the-art model to detect misogyny in social media, and test it on several benchmark datasets."	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We investigate the most predictive features to distinguish misogynistic content from not-misogynistic content.	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We investigate the relationship between misogyny and other abusive phenomena by conducting a cross-domain classification setting, leveraging the knowledge transfer from other kinds of hateful language to detect misogyny and vice versa."	IPM	
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We present the results of experiments in a cross-lingual setting, aiming at learning and generalizing knowledge about misogyny over datasets in different languages."	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study using visual and textual information for deep-learning based information extraction on text-intensive and visually rich scanned documents	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study to investigate deep learning algorithms in banking document understanding	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Automation of customer banking order documents reduced cycle times significantly	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Investigated traditional and deep learning approaches in noisy text NER	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Novel graph-based complex relation extraction algorithm outperforms previous methods	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	"N-ary, nested, document-level, and previously indeterminate quantity of complex relations extracted successfully"	IPM	
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Incorporating document layout information improves performances substantially	IPM	
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	"To propose a generic LSTM architecture that can capture the type of relationship between elements of the input sequence and,"	IPM	
	"To develop a deep neural network model that can learn a better semantic representation of sentences using its dependency parse structure as well as the typed dependencies between words.

"	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	We propose a novel neighborhood-based recommendation model. The core component of the model is a hybrid gated network that is invulnerable to neighborhood noises when exploiting neighborhood information for recommendation	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"it first automatically separates similar neighbors from the dissimilar ones with a thresholding mechanism, and only aggregates those similar neighbors to produce the neighborhood representations."	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"It further filters out noises in the neighborhood by pooling representations of users and their neighborhood while considering the confidence level of the neighborhood information. Therefore, we are able to select the most informative neighbors and encode the credibility of neighborhood information for recommendation."	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We explicitly preserve user-neighbor proximity for learning compact user representations. The user-neighbor similarities are captured by predicting users with their neighbors. Since the neighborhood representations are parameterized by the users, neighbors and the target items, user representations are learned by attending to the informative neighbors and specified for the recommendation task."	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We integrate the hybrid gated network and user-neighbor proximity components into a unified model, where they can mutually complement and reinforce each other to enhance the recommendation performance.
"	IPM	
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We validate the effectiveness of the proposed model with three public datasets, and demonstrate its advantage over the state-of-the-art models. We also study different variants of the proposed model to justify the intuitions underlying each of its components."	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	10 categories of stakeholders expressed 9 types of privacy concerns in the Twitter discussions about the Australian My Health Record.	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"Different roles of stakeholders demonstrate different focuses of privacy concerns, and it will be useful to involve them early in the rollout of personal health records."	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"Stakeholders of personal health records shows enthusiasm for improving privacy issues, and social media can be a useful channel for collecting feedback."	IPM	
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	We also discuss the implications for improving the consent model and third-party access of personal health records.	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We explore a new problem of Speakers Coreference Resolution in legal texts, and provide annotated dataset for further research."	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We investigate two different solutions to resolve coreference, and create document-level graphs to integrate contextual information. It enables us to effectively establish dependencies between entities and avoid making locally consistent but globally inconsistent decisions."	IPM	
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"The proposed method achieves competitive performance, outperforming the baseline systems by a large margin, which can be applied in many downstream tasks such as question answering and text understanding.

"	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"We introduce GENE, a method for generating user networks conditioned on the joint representation of users, entities, and the inclination of users towards those entities (positive, neutral or negative)."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"Extensive experiments indicate that for the task of controversy detection, GENE creates a rich representation of user networks, conditioned on polarized entities, that outperforms both lexicon-based methods as well as graph representations which do not exploit the entities and polarization contexts."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"In an early controversy detection setting, GENE also shows superior performance compared to other methods, favoring the early forecast of polarization in a user network and the characterization of a scenario for the emergence of controversy."	IPM	
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	We release a new dataset that includes news and conversational threads from which this study was conducted.	IPM	
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction

Author links open overlay panel"	"Moment matching and geometry alignment are leveraged in a unified framework to handle multi-source domain adaptation problems. The first-order MMDs measure the discrepancies between different domains, while Laplacian graphs are constructed to preserve the geometric structure"	IPM	
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction

Author links open overlay panel"	"Specifically, MMDs are minimized to reduce the distribution gap of the source and target domains, while the similarity and discriminability of sample relationship are preserved in the designed undirected graphs."	IPM	
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction

Author links open overlay panel"	Both of moment matching and geometry alignment facilitate to learn a domain-invariant subspace where knowledge can be transferred across domains in the learned subspace.	IPM	
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction

Author links open overlay panel"	"Based on the new representations learned in the common feature subspace, we propose two strategies (ALP-u and ALP-s) for pseudo-labeling in both low-dimensional subspace and high-dimensional RKHS."	IPM	
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction

Author links open overlay panel"	"We carry out extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of ALP-u and ALP-s on different domain adaptation scenarios, including traditional single-source-to-single-target, multi-sources-to-single-target and multi-sources-to-multi-targets. Our work surpasses state-of-the-arts on three benchmark datasets notably."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"A novel broad-coverage, domain-independent, unsupervised phonetic encoder for Roman Hindi/Urdu word normalization is presented, which utilizes a transliteration based approach to assign the same matching code to lexical variations of a Roman Urdu word."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	This technique is referred to as the Transliteration based Encoding technique for Roman Urdu word Normalization (TERUN).	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"The impact of word standardization on Roman Urdu sentiment analysis classification accuracy is evaluated using TERUN and other established techniques. TERUN outperformed the other techniques: Soundex, Metaphone, Double-Metaphone, Caverphone, New York State Identification and Intelligence System (NYSIIS) and Kölner Phonetik (Kph), using accuracy as a performance measure."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN and other established encoding techniques are intrinsically evaluated using 20,000 lexically variant words. The results clearly show the superiority of TERUN over the other encoding techniques."	IPM	
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN is also extended from a corpus dependent to a broad-coverage corpus independent Roman Urdu word normalization technique. To do this, a dataset of 50,000 of the most frequent Urdu words was collected and annotated to a standard Roman form using comprehensive annotation guidelines defined explicitly for this purpose.

"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"The proposition of Drink2Vec and an assessment on the most effective way to integrate distributional semantics with external enrichment contextual strategies to improve the classification of alcohol-related tweets. Drink2Vec encompasses Drink2Symbol, a method that evolved from our previous work"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"We demonstrate that drinking embeddings capture interesting nuances of alcohol consumption vocabulary, and that a stacking ensemble (Drink2Ensemble) balances the strengths of each method. Using our techniques, we outperformed existing baselines"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"These methods can be adapted to several other domains, such as the consumption of other types of drugs, gender and social harassment, gender discrimination or violence, flame or hate, among others;"	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	An evaluation of the contribution of the underlying contextual enrichment strategies to this classification problem according to a broad experimental setting.	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"It encompasses distinct classifiers used in winning solutions on Kaggle competitions, five datasets addressing different alcohol consumption behaviors, and an in-depth analysis of the contributions of each contextual enrichment strategy to alcohol-related texting, and their integration."	IPM	
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"Two new datasets containing tweets mentioning alcohol and its consumption, which can be used in future studies related to the classification of alcohol-related tweets."	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A prevention system to Fake News rather than only a detection system	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A customized Proof-of-Authority protocol	IPM	
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	An applicable scenario of Blockchain technology outside of its financial roots	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We define a new application-oriented variation of the event relatedness classification task, which merges different fine-grained event relation types reported elsewhere into one concept, and which focuses on linking automatically extracted event templates, potentially containing erroneous and incomplete information,"	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We explore and compare the relatedness classification performance on this new task across a range of shallow learning methods (including the current state-of-the-art methods) built on a set of linguistically lightweight features (some of which not presented elsewhere, e.g. HypernymOverlap via exploitation of BabelNet), being easily portable across languages,"	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	We provide initial results of exploiting deep learning techniques for this purpose	IPM	
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We create and make available to the research community a new moderate-size event corpus annotated with event relatedness information that appears bigger than other relevant resources made available to the community.

"	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	a framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter.	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	use of the basic emotions to reveal the multiple dimensions of negative sentiment.	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	study of the influence of user and event properties on the emotional reaction.	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	analysis of eight mass shooting events to generalize the findings.	IPM	
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"experimented with CNN, biLSTM and BERT to develop emotion classifiers, trained automatically labeled datasets."	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We propose an entity-aware enhanced word representation with rich context, which enables the downstream modules to learn robust semantic features."	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	We combine the global gate structure and PCNN to better capture the global and local features of the sentence.	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We introduce a gate mechanism after the max-pooling layer of PCNN model, which assigns different weights to the three segments and highlights the effect of crucial segments."	IPM	
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	Our model is evaluated on the widely used benchmark dataset and outperforms most of the stateof-the-art methods.	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	A semantic rebasing mechanism is proposed to learn a sparse semantic graph structure to preserve similarity information of different modalities for binary code learning.	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	The proposed method focuses on both similarity preserving and quantization to gain satisfied retrieval performance.	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	Auto-encoding structure of both modalities is included to improve the performance.	IPM	
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	Extensive experiments on four popular datasets shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"This paper reviews the existing microblog user geolocalisation methods, and summarizes a general framework for microblog user geolocalisation. Along with the framework, we review the studies on user geolocalisation from the aspects of data acquisition, data preprocessing, location representation, user geolocalisation methods categorization, and evaluation metrics."	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Based on the input of the geolocalisation algorithm, we categorize microblog user geolocalisation methods into three categories: text-based methods, network-based methods, and multi-view based methods. We summarize the advantages and limitations of each type of method theoretically."	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	We conduct a performance comparison of existing methods based on the results reported in existing literature with the most widely used real-world datasets and evaluation metrics.	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	The advantages and disadvantages of existing methods are further uncovered by comparing them experimentally. Important research challenges that may need further attention are discussed according to our analysis.	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	Survey findings conclude that multiview-based methods are superior to the text-based methods as well as the network-based methods.	IPM	
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Besides that, existing user geolocalisation methods cannot capture the user's home location change, resulting in the misjudged results. A"	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A review on the methodological and psychometric quality of both the instruments for consumer health information needs and those for patient needs that contained health information needs sections was conducted;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A two-phase literature search strategy was applied to retrieve relevant validation studies;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	"Overall, both groups of questionnaire instruments were not well developed: only structural validity, internal consistency tests and content validity analysis were performed in about 50 percent of them, while other types of validations were missing in most of them;"	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Instruments used for assessing patient needs were found to have better tests of construct validity and handling of floor and ceiling effects;	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Theories and frameworks of information needs can be integrated within the development process to improve the design.	IPM	
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms

Author links open overlay panel"	Gender Stereotype Reinforcement (GSR) measure tailored for Search Engines.	IPM	
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms

Author links open overlay panel"	Evaluation of GSR within the construct validity framework.	IPM	
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms

Author links open overlay panel"	"Audit, in terms of GSR, of several widely-known and used ranking algorithm."	IPM	
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms

Author links open overlay panel"	Estimation of the impact of different Word Embedding debiasing approaches both on ranking effectiveness and countering gender bias.	IPM	
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms

Author links open overlay panel"	Quantitative and qualitative analysis showing suitability of shared IR test collection to analyze gender stereotype reinforcement.	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Ramp-one OC-SVM as a non-convex semi-supervised technique.	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The lack of labeled data for the deceptive opinions is addressed by R-OCSVM.	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The effect of noises and outliers in the training set is diminished by ramp loss function.	IPM	
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The challenges and the future direction in opinion spam detection is discussed.	IPM	
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	The proposed scheme provides more secure and reliable public auditing services for cloud storage.	IPM	
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"In the scheme, only two entities (Cloud Service Provider and Data Owners) are involved, and blockchain technique instead of a Third Party Auditor is utilized to provide a better auditing service."	IPM	
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"A security analysis is provided, and the network performance simulation is conducted on our scheme and others."	IPM	
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"Our scheme outperforms others in terms of security and overheads on computation, communication and storage."	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we define an action command ontology for the humanoid robot NAO containing all the physical movements that NAO can perform, all its body parts and all related words and synonyms;"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we develop an NLP engine to extract from natural language sentences actions to be mapped in the defined ontology and that the robot will perform;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we define the concept of incompatibility among the actions of the robot and give the definition of the robot state;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we introduce two modes for NAO to operate, STATELESS and STATEFUL. When in STATEFUL mode, NAO performs a recognized action if and only if this is compatible with NAO’s current state;"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we provide new directions for the interaction between the user and a humanoid robot: the user will have to learn the incompatibilities of the robot postures when in STATEFUL mode if he/she wants the robot to perform any action command and the robot has available all the natural language commands given by the user for future forecasting of missing terms;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we run the NLP engine on cloud computing resources and a software layer on the NAO robot which is responsible to interact with the user and communicate with the NLP engine;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we made publicly available the developed ontology, the NLP engine, and the developed software for the community;"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we carried out a performance evaluation on five subjects in order to test our approach and identifying potential weakness of the system that we can improve as future development.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	A morpho-semantic knowledge graph CAMS-KG is built from vocalized Classical Arabic corpus.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG combines tools for morphological analysis and disambiguation, and implements a concordance builder tool, and KG representation."	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	KG stores the extracted morpho-semantic knowledge: representing morphological categories and both morphological and semantic relations.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	BM25 ranking is used for retrieving related documents for a given query.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG is evaluated on two datasets (Tashkeela, and ZAD). Several query expansion strategies are experimented on 25 queries from ZAD dataset."	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Community characterization via content analysis.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Analysis and extraction of six syntactic and semantic features from tweets.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Identification of topics and proper nouns as characteristic features of a community.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	The research provides insights on how people from specific communities share similar content.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	First ever attempt to apply complex network theory for precise novel sense detection.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Complex network measures boosts the precision values from 0.23-0.32 to 0.74-0.86.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Network measures are more useful than network embedding measures for this task.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Gold standard dataset prepared by us for this task are made publicly available.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that exploits the semantics of the corpus by adapting global word embeddings to the context of analysis.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Self-attentive discriminator to map the semantics of the generated text with real-world text.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Evaluation framework based on quantitative and qualitative analyses.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that balances both generator and discriminator towards reaching the Nash equilibrium.	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We tackle the challenge of query suggestion in a novel way by proposing an Attention-based Hierarchical Neural Query Suggestion model, i.e., AHNQS, which adopts a hierarchical structure containing a user attention mechanism to better capture the user’s search intent."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We analyse the impact of session length on query suggestion performance and find that AHNQS consistently yields the best performance, especially with short search contexts."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We examine the performance of AHNQS with different numbers of users’ sessions. We find that AHNQS always yields better performance over the best baseline model, especially for users with few search sessions."	IPM	
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	"We proposed a model that exploits Blockchain miner nodes for generating optimal scheduling solutions, namely PF-BTS."	IPM	
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	"PF-BTS preserves Data, Usage, Identity, and Location privacy of end- users, and enables fog components to perform cloud tasks at the edge of the network."	IPM	
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	We deployed the Ant Colony Optimization algorithm in a Fog-Blockchain architecture.	IPM	
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	PF-BTS was experimentally proven to provide more optimal solutions than previously proposed Blockchain-based task scheduling models.	IPM	
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	Extensive survey carried out regarding the use of blockchain within information systems.	IPM	
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	We conducted the first blockchain-based information system analysis.	IPM	
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	We addressed all issues in the information systems management area.	IPM	
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"Based on the push-pull-mooring framework, we identified and classified factors that influenced askers’ to switch from free to paid Q&A services, using the critical incident technique."	IPM	
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"We calculated the entropy weights of the 16 subcategories before and after the switch, using the entropy weight method."	IPM	
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"Askers’ switching behavior was influenced by push factors (i.e., dissatisfaction with the free SQA service), pull factors (i.e., satisfaction with the paid SQA service), and mooring factors (i.e., social factors, personal factors, situational factors)."	IPM	
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"The effects of these push, pull, and mooring factors vary significantly before and after a switch."	IPM	
Emotional Intensity-based Success Prediction Model for Crowdfunded Campaigns	intensity of emotions mined from textual descriptions of crowdfunding campaigns are effective features to predict their success	IPM	
Emotional Intensity-based Success Prediction Model for Crowdfunded Campaigns	pre-trained word embeddings can be used to create interpretable predictive models for crowdfunding campaigns success forecasting	IPM	
Emotional Intensity-based Success Prediction Model for Crowdfunded Campaigns	predictive models interpretability opens to causal inference analysis and enables interdisciplinary studies	IPM	
Context-Controlled Topic-Aware Neural Response Generation for Open-Domain Dialog Systems	"We propose a Context-Controlled Topic-Aware (CCTA) model for response generation in open-domain dialog systems. It can produce context-dependent topic representations and conduct context-controlled topic transitions, which jointly lead to balanced improvements on both response informativeness and contextual coherence."	IPM	
Context-Controlled Topic-Aware Neural Response Generation for Open-Domain Dialog Systems	"Inspired by human conversation patterns, we design a context-controlled topic transiting strategy. It not only can produce relevant transition words to enhance response quality, but also can work as an auxiliary learning task which in turn helps the learning process of response generation converge fast."	IPM	
Context-Controlled Topic-Aware Neural Response Generation for Open-Domain Dialog Systems	We examine the performance of our CCTA model with extensive experiments on two benchmark conversation datasets. Experimental results validate the superiority of our proposal on response generation task against the state-of-the-art baselines.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Extracting innovative ideas from online reviews is important for product development.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	We introduce a novel deep learning approach to identify innovative ideas of products from online customer reviews.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	The approach ensembles multiple word embeddings.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Results show that our model outperforms the baselines.	IPM	
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Focal loss function is adopted to handle the class imbalance problem.	IPM	
A quick bite and instant gratification: A simulated Yelp experiment on consumer review information foraging behavior	Consumers overestimate their expected search effort before using a review site.	IPM	
A quick bite and instant gratification: A simulated Yelp experiment on consumer review information foraging behavior	"Compared to consumers who had used Yelp before, those who had never used Yelp expect their browsing duration and review counts to be 42% and 93% higher, respectively."	IPM	
A quick bite and instant gratification: A simulated Yelp experiment on consumer review information foraging behavior	"Before making a decision, most consumers spend only five minutes or less, read five or fewer reviews, and browse seven to eight pages."	IPM	
A quick bite and instant gratification: A simulated Yelp experiment on consumer review information foraging behavior	What information “patches” consumers see within those limited ranges may significantly influence the restaurant choices .	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"Based on the Elaboration Likelihood Model (ELM), the features of online health misinformation can be classified into two levels: central-level and peripheral-level."	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"We built a health misinformation detection model integrating the linguistic features, the topic features, the sentiment features, and the behavioral features."	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"Four types of misinformation appear in online health communities: advertising, propaganda, misleading information, and unrelated information"	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"The proposed model, as well as the features, were validated on a real-world dataset, being able to correctly detect about 85% of health misinformation."	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	The behavioral features are more informative than linguistic features in detecting health misinformation in online health communities.	IPM	
What motivates Chinese consumers to avoid information about the COVID-19 pandemic?: The perspective of the stimulus-organism-response model	A research model based on S-O-R framework is proposed to examine the factors that influence health information avoidance intention during the COVID-19 pandemic.	IPM	
What motivates Chinese consumers to avoid information about the COVID-19 pandemic?: The perspective of the stimulus-organism-response model	"Information avoidance in the COVID-19 pandemic is determined by consumers’ negative affect: sadness, anxiety, and cognitive dissonance."	IPM	
What motivates Chinese consumers to avoid information about the COVID-19 pandemic?: The perspective of the stimulus-organism-response model	Information avoidance intention influences consumers’ subsequent intentions of taking preventive behaviors during the COVID-19 pandemic.	IPM	
What motivates Chinese consumers to avoid information about the COVID-19 pandemic?: The perspective of the stimulus-organism-response model	Consumer's negative affect is influenced by perceived threat and perceived information overload during the COVID-19 pandemic.	IPM	
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	We systematically investigate the impact of the state-of-the-art post-retrieval query performance prediction methods in the context of ad hoc table retrieval	IPM	
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	"We show how neural features derived from neural embedding techniques can be integrated into existing query performance predictors, leading to neural predictors"	IPM	
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	We evaluate our proposed neural predictors on a gold standard test collection derived from Wikipedia tables. We further analyze our findings from various perspectives and identify areas where neural predictors are able to provide effective performance improvements.	IPM	
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	"As far as we know, it is the first work to propose the phrase information network and employ it to fuse information networks. Following this inspiration, we propose the phrase network generation algorithm (PNG) and construct PFHIN, which seamlessly fuses text semantics with complex entities in CQA."	IPM	
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	We define the distance of entities with the same or different types in HIN and propose the optimal entity matching algorithm. The real question-answer matching case in CQA is described in detail.	IPM	
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	Abundant experiments demonstrate that our algorithm precedes the state-of-the-art answering methods in CQA.	IPM	
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	"We perform an in-depth meta-path analysis of the optimal matching answers. It is found that most meta-paths include the Phrase entity, which proves that phrases serve as a bridge that effectively connects different types of entities in CQA."	IPM	
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	A high-performance pneumonia detection system was proposed in this paper.	IPM	
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	Transfer learning is used to obtain feature extractor.	IPM	
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	A novel graph-based feature reconstruction method was proposed.	IPM	
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	The proposed feature reconstruction is efficient yet transplantable to other scenarios.	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Propose MEPSR, which employs embedding methods, including deep learning based embedding and word embedding, to obtain effective representations from multi-context information."	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Jointly model personalized place semantics and App usage sequences by sharing the App representations, which can introduce an inductive bias to improve generalization capability."	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	Conduct extensive experiments on the Mobile Data Challenge (MDC) dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of MEPSR. Experimental results show that our method outperforms existing methods significantly.	IPM	
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	"Adapted pre-trained model (i.e. BERT, ELMo, and Word2vec) learned from Japanese data to our emoticon recommendation system."	IPM	
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	Empirically compared our proposed systems with baseline methods that learned surface patterns of texts and emoticons.	IPM	
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	Compared pre-trained models learned from different text domains to observe the difference in recommendation results.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Team diversity should be considered when building online physician teams.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Reputation diversity and experience diversity help increase team performance.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians weaken the influence of reputation diversity on team performance.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians strengthen the influence of experience diversity on team performance.	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Polarity determination using proposed domain specific lexicon delivers better performance than other lexicon based methods	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Using star rating distribution is a novel lexicon building approach for sentiment analysis	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	A robust set of experiments have been performed in this study by comparing this method with similar methods that use review labels for training lexicons across several datasets.	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Hybrid method using ML also illustrates the superiority of this method for building domain specific lexicons	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Experiments on popular datasets like Cornell movie reviews dataset and Large movie reviews dataset have also been performed to benchmark against other studies and demonstrate the superior performance of this method.	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	"Examining the impact of social media overload on adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies, and subsequent discontinuous usage intention"	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Fatigue and flow experience play important moderating roles	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Stress dynamics and coping theory is applied to explain the hypotheses.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	"A framework is proposed uniting theories from musicology, psychology and sociology."	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	In-depth interviews with students in twenty universities verified the framework.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Results reveal how students use music for learning and well-being.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Findings yield implications for the design of online music services and systems.	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"We propose a method to combine distributed phrase vectors and component word vectors into new phrase vectors by using an automatic encoder. Since this method effectively combines the external context information and internal context information of a phrase, the phrase embedding generated by this method is better than that generated by the distributional and compositional methods."	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"We use two neural network-based autoencoders to implement the above method. The non-linear transformation of the neural network can achieve complex mapping from input embeddings to new phrase embeddings. Therefore, our method is superior to the previous hybrid method based on linear transformation."	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"When using only component word embeddings as input, the proposed AE-ALF model consisting of LSTM, FCNN, and AM can effectively learn the order information and semantic information of the component words. Therefore, the semantic representation ability is better than the previous compositional models, and it can also effectively solve the problem of data sparseness."	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	A dynamic citation perspective for distinguishing scientific breakthroughs from ordinary scientific works is proposed.	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	Breakthrough works show slower but enduring take-off and denser networks of following works.	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	"Two significant traits of scientific breakthroughs are revealed, namely, prematurity and fruitfulness."	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	Three metrics show particular promise for early identification of breakthrough works.	IPM	
How wide is the citation impact of scientific publications? A cross-discipline and large-scale analysis	This paper explores the width of the citation impact of scientific publications.	IPM	
How wide is the citation impact of scientific publications? A cross-discipline and large-scale analysis	This paper uses the whole Web of Science as the empirical study dataset and thus examines all disciplines instead of only a few.	IPM	
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"We present B-FERL; a decentralized security framework for in-vehicle networks. B-FERL ascertains the integrity of in-vehicle ECUs and highlights the existence of threats in a smart vehicle. To achieve this, we define a two-tier blockchain-based architecture, which introduces an initialization operation used to create record vehicles for authentication purposes and a challenge–response mechanism where the integrity of a vehicle’s internal network is queried when it connects to an RSU to ensure its security."	IPM	
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"We conduct a qualitative evaluation of B-FERL to evaluate its resilience to identified attacks. We also conduct a comparative evaluation with existing approaches and highlight the practical benefits of B-FERL. Finally, we characterize the performance of B-FERL via simulations using the CORE simulator against key performance measures such as the time and storage overheads for smart vehicles and RSUs"	IPM	
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"Our proposal is tailored to meet the integrity requirement for securing smart vehicles and the availability requirement for securing vehicular networks and we provide succinct discussion on the applicability of our proposal to achieve various critical automotive functions such as vehicular forensics, secure vehicular communication and trust management"	IPM	
Automatic classification of citizen requests for transportation using deep learning: Case study from Boston city	Increasing volume of civil complaints necessitated automatic classification.	IPM	
Automatic classification of citizen requests for transportation using deep learning: Case study from Boston city	Literature understudied a classification framework of unstructured real data.	IPM	
Automatic classification of citizen requests for transportation using deep learning: Case study from Boston city	Five stepwise models were applied for the classification accuracy.	IPM	
Automatic classification of citizen requests for transportation using deep learning: Case study from Boston city	"SMOTE-ENN, balancing categories, significantly improved the accuracy."	IPM	
Deep context modeling for multi-turn response selection in dialogue systems	"We formulate the general response selection system into a four-module architecture in DCM. Taking BERT as the backbone encoder, we investigate a variety of strategies to perform response selection with comprehensive comparisons."	IPM	
Deep context modeling for multi-turn response selection in dialogue systems	We introduce the next utterance prediction pre-training scheme for multi-turn response selection. This NUP based pre-training could empower DCM to exploit context continuity underlying the multi-turn dialogue for better contextual information extraction.	IPM	
Deep context modeling for multi-turn response selection in dialogue systems	"Empirical results on three public datasets show that our proposed model outperforms baseline models significantly, achieving new state-of-the-art performance for multi-turn response selection"	IPM	
EtherTwin: Blockchain-based Secure Digital Twin Information Management	"EtherTwin, a blockchain-based Decentralized Application (DApp) for secure information management of Industry 4.0 assets using Digital Twins."	IPM	
EtherTwin: Blockchain-based Secure Digital Twin Information Management	"Secure information management, ensuring confidentiality through fine-grained access control and encryption, as well as providing integrity and availability based on the blockchain."	IPM	
EtherTwin: Blockchain-based Secure Digital Twin Information Management	Quantitative and qualitative evaluation including performance/cost measurements as well as a real-world industry use case and expert interviews.	IPM	
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	We create four open-source datasets for identifying the gender of named entities.	IPM	
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Propose a novel transformer-based architecture for gender tagging of named entities.	IPM	
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Present multiple supervised and unsupervised learning baselines for gender inference.	IPM	
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Context-sensitive supervised learning outperforms database-reliant gender tagging.	IPM	
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We present a novel multimodal fake news detection model based on CARN and MCN.	IPM	
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	The CARN is introduced to fuse the relevant information between different modalities and keep the unique properties for each modality.	IPM	
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	"To mitigate the influence of noise information which may be generated by crossmodal fusion, the MCN is introduced to extract feature representations from original and fused textual information simultaneously."	IPM	
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We conduct extensive experiments on four real-world datasets and demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods and learn more discriminable feature representations.	IPM	
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We contribute a large scale multimodal fake news dataset from Weibo platform and will make it available to the public	IPM	
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We study the impact on review helpfulness of author/item content deviations.	IPM	
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We compare helpfulness prediction models based on linear and non-linear regression.	IPM	
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	Our models integrate author/item deviations with traditional helpfulness determinants.	IPM	
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	An experimental validation shows that our models outperform the selected baselines.	IPM	
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We improve collaborative item recommendation using predicted review helpfulness.	IPM	
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	"We decompose the transaction latency into three phases, each phase involves several substeps for fine-grained analysis. In each phase, we indicate the configuration parameters that may affect the transaction latency."	IPM	
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	"We present an analytical model to calculate the average transaction latency in Fabric blockchains with single and multiple channels. Besides, we give a quantitative latency analysis of two typical consensus mechanisms in Fabric blockchain, i.e Solo and PBFT consensus."	IPM	
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	"We conduct a series of experiments to evaluate the validity of the proposed analytical model, and the results show that our model predicts the experimental results with an error less than 6.1%."	IPM	
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	We identify performance bottlenecks based on the analytical model and provide feasible insights for Fabric blockchain deployment.	IPM	
"Information Processing & Management
How does scholarly use of academic social networking sites differ by academic discipline? A case study using ResearchGate"	User participation and use characteristics vary by discipline in ResearchGate.	IPM	
"Information Processing & Management
How does scholarly use of academic social networking sites differ by academic discipline? A case study using ResearchGate"	Life sciences & biomedicine has the largest user body with active interactions.	IPM	
"Information Processing & Management
How does scholarly use of academic social networking sites differ by academic discipline? A case study using ResearchGate"	Positive RG metric and research level correlation applies across disciplines.	IPM	
"Information Processing & Management
How does scholarly use of academic social networking sites differ by academic discipline? A case study using ResearchGate"	Use characteristics are consistent with information behaviors by disciplines.	IPM	
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We propose a multi-level similarity method, which can jointly model the semantic-level, structural-level and contextual-level information and improve the robustness of visual and textual representations."	IPM	
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We extract the semantic labels in the text dataset and treat them as multiple labels of the corresponding image. Then, the semantic information is modeled by utilizing multi-label convolutional neural network. Moreover, we conduct graph structure to model the relationship of objects and words within image-text pair and improve the retrieval performance by re-ranking mechanism"	IPM	
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We evaluate our method on two large-scale datasets, Flickr30k and MSCOCO. The extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method comparing to the state-of-the-art methods for image-text retrieval task."	IPM	
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Co-LSTM is a classifier for sentiment analysis of social media reviews.	IPM	
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Co-LSTM leverages the best features of both convolutional neural network and Long short-term memory in order to model the classifier	IPM	
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Word embedding model has been applied in constructing vocabulary dictionary.	IPM	
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Co-LSTM is compared with other machine learning and deep learning models.	IPM	
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We analyze the Thai QA dataset and discuss how it is different from SQuAD, an English QA dataset. Then, we propose WabiQA, a novel Thai QA system that implements a BM25F-based document retriever and a bi-directional LSTM document reader. Our document reader is adapted from DrQA (Chen et al., 2017), a recent end-to-end QA system for the English language."	IPM	
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We compare different document retrieval methods, including Google Search API, TF-IDF, and BM25F, and also study the impacts of using different features in the proposed bi-directional LSTM reader."	IPM	
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We provide analyses of the effects of document scopes, number of relevant documents, and sizes of training data on the end-to-end performance of WabiQA. As an external evaluation, WabiQA won the first prize award from Thailand’s National Software Contest 20192. Our system outperforms the next best competitors’ systems by 19.99 percentage points in terms of document retrieval accuracy, and 33.10 percentage points in terms of answer prediction F1."	IPM	
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	We demonstrate an application of WabiQA by developing a prototype mobile application that aims to facilitate Thai users with visual impairment using voice-to-speech technology and an intelligent question-answer categorization	IPM	
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	We make the source code and partial data (created by ourselves) available for research purposes at: https://github.com/suppawong/wabiqa.	IPM	
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	This research puts forward a novel algorithm called nSAIS for inducing suffix array using external memory.	IPM	
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	"The time, space and IO complexities of nSAIS are linearly proportional to the input size."	IPM	
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	The constant factor for the space complexity of nSAIS is not more than 6.82.	IPM	
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	A program of the algorithm nSAIS is engineered for performance evaluation.	IPM	
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	nSAIS is rather general for the datasets of different sizes and characteristics.	IPM	
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	This paper is the first to constrain the learning procedure in matrix factorization by using imputed data.	IPM	
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	This paper is the first to discuss the relation between imputed data and recommendation quality.	IPM	
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"We propose an assumption that is based on preference analysis in matrix factorization model. This assumption lets the learning preferences be correctly constrained, thus leading to a more accurate learned model."	IPM	
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"We design two learning models according to the assumption. One firstly makes the original preferences get close to preliminary preferences, and then creates the concatenated preferences. The other one firstly creates the concatenated preferences, and then makes the original, preliminary and concatenated preferences get close to each other."	IPM	
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"Exhaustive experiments are conducted on five datasets: MovieLens 100k, MovieLens 1M, Netflix, Filmtrust and Jester. Experiment results show that PDMF outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by more than 10% in recommendation accuracy."	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Integrating traditional centrality and spectral modularity methods to explore intensive focal structures in social networks.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Applying decomposition optimization method to maximize the individual centrality measure and the network modularity value in the network level in complex social networks.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Measuring the influence generated by each focal structure on the individual level and the network level.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Applying the DCFM to measure the power generated by each focal structure.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Applying Newman-Girvan modularity method and depth-first search and linear graph algorithm to validate our results.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Evaluating model performance- apply to different social and real-world networks.	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	"Implementing a toy example as a complexity analysis, and a real-world Twitter network."	IPM	
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	"Applying different centrality methods (degree, betweenness, closeness, eigenvector) and compare their results."	IPM	
Accurate and decentralized timestamping using smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain	The accuracy of certain timestamps like the backdate timestamps generated on the Ethereum blockchain and to resolve the problem a decentalised timestamping is used.	IPM	
Accurate and decentralized timestamping using smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain	Decentralized timestamps have the ability to be more accurate than RFC3161 timestamps.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We present an efficient strategy for augmenting existing paraphrase and non-paraphrase annotations in a consistent manner.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We develop a multi-cascaded learning model for robust paraphrase detection in both clean and noisy texts. 	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We address both clean and noisy texts in our presentation and show that the proposed model matches current best performances on benchmark datasets of both types.	IPM	
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We analyze the impact of various data augmentation steps and different components of the multi-cascaded model on paraphrase detection performance.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We address the problem of generating SRs from spatial data streams and static data in real-time.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We design a novel index structure based on R-tree with RRs called R3 index to store spatial objects and support SR generation.	IPM	
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using real-world datasets and report on the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Heuristic operators are proposed for interesting class association rule mining.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Our proposal remains focused and avoids the exponential curse of other alternatives.	IPM	
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Generated rule sets are more attractive for the subsequent expert inspection.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Infection diagnosis is critical in social environments; otherwise diseases may spread fast.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Clinical decision support system was developed for infection diagnosis in nursing homes using small data; AUROC of 0.734 achieved.	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"In small data environments, external sources of data can improve diagnosis performance with little cost."	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"When considering additional data (social data and weather information), AUROC increases up to 0.798."	IPM	
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"For diagnosis, smaller leads (historical data) is preferred, but larger leads improve the results when adding social data."	IPM	
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	"We propose a novel pipeline for the task of text classification, i.e., Pre-train Interact Fine-tune (PIF)."	IPM	
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	"To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first attempt to model word interactions for text representation."	IPM	
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We introduce a two-perspective interaction representation for text classification.	IPM	
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We propose the Hybrid Language Model Pretrain-finetuning.	IPM	
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We find that our proposal outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for text classification in terms of accuracy.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Emotion-based approach for efficient search and media management represents an important part of personalized music information retrieval.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Efficient system for detecting affective music content on a dimensional model of emotions is developed.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Proposed approach uses human cochlear model and Convolutional neural network to extract relevant music features.	IPM	
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	The experimental results prove the effectiveness of our proposal in all aspects of music emotion recognition.	IPM	
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	We introduce the progress in fashion research in recent years.	IPM	
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	"We provide a taxonomy of these fashion studies which include low-level fashion recognition, middle-level fashion understanding and high-level fashion applications."	IPM	
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	We discuss the challenges that when the fashion industry faces AI technologies.	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	We proposed a new index named Supply-Demand Matching Efficiency (SDME) to measure the supply and demand matching efficiency for online technology trading platforms (OTTPs). 	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"Technically, it is based on semantic similarity of technology supply and demand texts with Word2Vec and Cosine similarity algorithms, which fully excavated semantic features of technology supply and demand texts, thus providing ideas for tacit knowledge mining and knowledge matching of technology supply and demand texts. "	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	it provided ideas for estimating the trade possibility of technology supply and demand on OTTPs before technology trade occurs.	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"We measured the SDME of the three representative OTTPs. The three OTTPs are sorted by the SDME from high to low: Zhejiang Market (Government-Owned, Government-Operated, GOGO), Technology E Market (Government-Owned, Contractor-Operated, GOCO) and Keyi Market (Market-Owned, Market-Operated, MOMO), indicating that government plays an important role in promoting the SDME by attracting effective technology suppliers and demanders to participate in online trade and standardizing information expression. "	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"By comparing the SDME and the newly announced signing rate of each OTTP, we found that the OTTP with high SDME also has high signing rate, and the changing trend of the two is consistent."	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"We analyzed the topic distribution of technology supply and demand of OTTPs with TextRank and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), and calculated the topic differences of each OTTP. "	IPM	
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"The Technology E Market and Zhejiang Market have low topic differences and high SDME, while Keyi Market has high topic differences and low SDME, which indicated that the topic differences have a negative effect on SDME."	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The transformative computing in advanced data analysis was proposed.	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The advanced data analysis processes in different structures were described.	IPM	
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The possible application of transformative computing was presented.	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We develop a new method MGAT, which incorporates attention mechanism into the graph neural network framework, to disentangle user preferences on different modalities."	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"Technically, the model introduces the gated attention mechanism to control and weight the information flow in multimodal interaction graphs, which facilitates the understanding of user behaviors."	IPM	
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We perform extensive experiments on two datasets to verify the rationality and effectiveness of MGAT. Moreover, because of user privacy, only user IDs are considered in this work. We will release the code and parameter settings upon acceptance."	IPM	
Enrich cross-lingual entity links for online wikis via multi-modal semantic matching	"This paper investigated the task of enriching cross-lingual links for online wikis, which is a significant step and a pretty good starting point for cross-lingual knowledge graph construction."	IPM	
Enrich cross-lingual entity links for online wikis via multi-modal semantic matching	"we propose two end-to-end neural matching models for matching entity descriptions and images, and then jointly train them with handcraft features. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first to utilize multi-modal information to enrich cross-lingual entity links."	IPM	
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	An unsupervised domain adaption method for 3D object retrieval by jointly learning the deep 3D representation and domain alignment in the end-to-end manner is proposed.	IPM	
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	The proposed method can reduce statistical domain divergence and improve the feature representation from different domains.	IPM	
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	"The proposed method focuses on the cross-domain retrieval task, which can effectively use the exist 3D object dataset to explore the generation ability of methods for another dataset."	IPM	
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	The experimental results on CAD Object to CAD Object and RGB-D Object to CAD Object retrieval show the superiority of the proposed method.	IPM	
Effective contact recommendation in social networks by adaptation of information retrieval models	IR models can be adapted as standalone algorithms to effectively recommend contacts in social networks.	IPM	
Effective contact recommendation in social networks by adaptation of information retrieval models	IR models are shown to be even more effective as neighbor selection methods in kNN.	IPM	
Effective contact recommendation in social networks by adaptation of information retrieval models	We achieve further effectiveness enhancements by learning to rank upon IR models.	IPM	
Effective contact recommendation in social networks by adaptation of information retrieval models	We test the researched approaches extensively in five network samples of different kind from Twitter and Facebook.	IPM	
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	"Some bibliographic databases try to merge citations, but do so inadequately."	IPM	
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	We design corresponding citation merging schemes for arXiv-deposited articles.	IPM	
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	"We investigated 2,662 e-prints in the “Digital Libraries” subject in arXiv.org"	IPM	
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	We use empirical testing to prove the feasibility of schemes proposed in this paper.	IPM	
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	This is the first study to systematically explore the citation merging of articles.	IPM	
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	A novel variant of information entropy named permutation ratio entropy (PRE) was employed to identify three typical ECG RR interval series.	IPM	
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	The PRE can more correctly yield higher entropy values for the normal sinus rhythm (NSR) RR interval series than that for the congestive heart failure (CHF) and arrhythmia (ARR) RR interval series.	IPM	
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	"The PRE can more correctly identify three RR interval series (i.e., NSR, CHF and ARR) than SmpE and PE"	IPM	
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	"Determining proper parameters of three entropy methods (i.e., SmpE, PE and PRE) for discerning NSR, CHF and ARR RR interval series."	IPM	
Evaluating the social value of online health information for third-party patients: Is uncertainty always bad?	"OHIs can provide social value for third-party patients, but physicians tend to provide uncertain information."	IPM	
Evaluating the social value of online health information for third-party patients: Is uncertainty always bad?	Informational and emotional support from previous OHIs can contribute to their social value.	IPM	
Evaluating the social value of online health information for third-party patients: Is uncertainty always bad?	Information uncertainty strengthens the effect of treatment information and weakens the effect of emotional support.	IPM	
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	People's movie purchase intention can be extracted from YouTube trailer reviews.	IPM	
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	Purchase intention is highly correlated with box-office revenue and can be used to improve the prediction accuracy of box-office revenue prediction.	IPM	
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	"Multiple linear regression perfomed better than support vector machines, neural network, and random forest in movie revenue prediction."	IPM	
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Semantic indexing with MeSH descriptors may aggregate several distinct concepts.	IPM	
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Concept-occurrence is a good heuristic for fine-grained semantic indexing.	IPM	
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Models trained with concept-occurrence as weak supervision can achieve good accuracy.	IPM	
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Lexical and semantic features combined can lead to improved predictive performance.	IPM	
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	"Under-sampling the major class in training data, can also lead to further improvement."	IPM	
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Introduce the concept of immersion from the game community to the SQA community for the first time.	IPM	
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Established three dimensions of immersion level in the SQA community.	IPM	
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Built an evaluation system of user participation level in SQA community from the immersion perspective.	IPM	
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Verify the evaluation system on a data set containing 4 million user behavior data.	IPM	
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Comprehensively evaluated the contribution level and functional complementary relationship of users with different roles in the knowledge question-and-answer community.	IPM	
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	We perform a study on the tagging behavior of sellers in an e-commerce platform.	IPM	
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	We design new tag quality attributes that exploit the collective behavior of users.	IPM	
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	Our attributes exploit the synergy between search and quality of textual content.	IPM	
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	Queries and clicks can offer useful data for recommending quality tags for products.	IPM	
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	"Our best method, a deep L2R framework, greatly outperforms state-of-the-art methods."	IPM	
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We present an Open Data approach to process and enrich citizen-generated content.	IPM	
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We propose a novel controversy metric for conversation threads.	IPM	
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We present an in-depth analysis of citizen discussion in an e-participatory platform.	IPM	
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We provide a large dataset of semantically annotated citizen proposals and debates.	IPM	
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Automatic crisis management, using natural language processing techniques, is a quite hot research topic."	IPM	
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Characterization of crisis-related messages according to three dimensionsrelatedness, intentions to act and urgency."	IPM	
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	The first French manually annotated crisis dataset.	IPM	
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Experiments with binary classification (useful vs. non useful), three classes (non useful vs. urgent vs. non urgent) and multiclass classifications (i.e., intention to act categories) using traditional feature-based machine learning and new deep learning architectures by developing a domain shift approach over pre-trained word embeddings and incorporating different metadata information in a multi-input architecture."	IPM	
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	"A scheme cross trajectories, vessel attributes and the movement context for detecting rare behaviors through preprocessing, kNN-based clustering, and verification."	IPM	
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	Only extremely few anomalies are useful which are rare behaviors.	IPM	
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	The interactive detection process requires an instant response that is a big challenge for.	IPM	
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	"The more similar trajectories gather in an Area of Interest, the less probability of anomalies they are."	IPM	
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	The small reachability distance values have limited effect on lrd.	IPM	
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	In their study they classified online health disinformation in to two levels : central levels and peripheral level based on the elaboration likelihood model	IPM	
"Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage

"	For best auditing scheme they used block chain technique which is a secured and coherent for cloud storage platform instead of third party auditor	IPM	
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"Our scheme uses automatically chosen DOs from the blockchain network to conduct the auditing, significantly reduces the 51% risk of the auditor being breached"	IPM	
Extractive Text Summarization Models for Urdu Language	"For summarizing English language, a variety of approaches are available. Although there are no freely available methods for the Urdu script."	IPM	
Extractive Text Summarization Models for Urdu Language	The famous approaches like global weight and local weight are used in experiment by contributing equal amount to ground truth data and made script files available to public and researchers	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that exploits the semantics of the corpus by adapting global word embeddings to the context of analysis.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Self-attentive discriminator to map the semantics of the generated text with real-world text.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Evaluation framework based on quantitative and qualitative analyses.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that balances both generator and discriminator towards reaching the Nash equilibrium.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Development of an analysis of how Wikipedia disease-related articles in English evolve over time.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Historical information is extracted from the articles and how their content (references, characters, diagnostic-related terms) change over time is analysed."	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Most of the articles increase their content through time and this is not influenced by the number of references.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Hot topics/diseases attract highest number of editions and views.	IPM	
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Less well-known diseases have abrupt changes, which might be consequence of having new knowledge about them."	IPM	
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We propose an original set of roles with their justification in sociological models allowing us to differentiate users considering their especially important characteristic dimensions	IPM	
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We conduct experiments to allow us to define patterns describing stability and variability of given roles – chances of obtaining the given role or chances of keeping or obtaining an influential role	IPM	
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We find temporal patterns of frequent transitions between roles of users on the social portal	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose Rule Assembler, a configurable approach that is able to classify duplicate entities based on confidence scores, taking into account tunable parameters as well as user preferences;"	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose four heuristics for turning the results produced by logical rules into confidence scores (i.e., a continuous quantification associated with the confidence produced by the rule regarding the duplicity of the entity pairs);"	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose a novel auto-tuning algorithm for classifying duplicate entities based on confidence scores;	IPM	
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose an efficient algorithm for tuning the parameters of the Rule Assembler (considering scenarios in which training data is available);	IPM	
Time and sequence awareness in similarity metrics for recommendation	"A new approach that redefines the classical generation of item rankings by considering the order (sequentiality) in neighbor-based recommender systems, borrowing ideas from Aggregated Search"	IPM	
Time and sequence awareness in similarity metrics for recommendation	A thorough comparison between our approach and other classical algorithms used in the recommendation area analyzing different perspectives of evaluation (relevance and freshness) under time-aware evaluation methodologies on three real-world datasets.	IPM	
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	"Using a measure of ICT incivility aggression, we measured the enactment of incivility behaviors through ICT."	IPM	
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	We provide a framework for studying the impact of ICT incivility aggression on both the work and family domains through affective states.	IPM	
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	Our model improves theoretical and empirical understanding of how ICT incivility operates.	IPM	
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	Our results may support organizations seeking to formulate policies and practices that discourage ICT incivility aggression.	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Propose MEPSR, which employs embedding methods, including deep learning based embedding and word embedding, to obtain effective representations from multi-context information."	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Jointly model personalized place semantics and App usage sequences by sharing the App representations, which can introduce an inductive bias to improve generalization capability."	IPM	
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	Conduct extensive experiments on the Mobile Data Challenge (MDC) dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of MEPSR.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Team diversity should be considered when building online physician teams.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Reputation diversity and experience diversity help increase team performance.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians weaken the influence of reputation diversity on team performance.	IPM	
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians strengthen the influence of experience diversity on team performance.	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	enhancing the lexicon creation techniques using reviews with valency labels further by making use of probability distribution of key words across all star rating points of labelled reviews to build domain specific lexicons;	IPM	
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	comparing the performance against other lexical methods using star ratings across nine datasets	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	"Examining the impact of social media overload on adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies, and subsequent discontinuous usage intention"	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Fatigue and flow experience play important moderating roles..	IPM	
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Stress dynamics and coping theory is applied to explain the hypotheses.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	"A framework is proposed uniting theories from musicology, psychology and sociology."	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	In-depth interviews with students in twenty universities verified the framework.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Results reveal how students use music for learning and well-being.	IPM	
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Findings yield implications for the design of online music services and systems.	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	We propose an autoencoder-based method to generate phrase embedding.	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"The method uses full connected network, LSTM and attention to get phrase embedding."	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	The method can learn the order and semantic information of component words.	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	The proposed method performs best on phrase similarity and classification tasks.	IPM	
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	The method can utilize the external and internal contextual information of phrases.	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	A dynamic citation perspective for distinguishing scientific breakthroughs from ordinary scientific works is proposed.	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	Breakthrough works show slower but enduring take-off and denser networks of following works.	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	"Two significant traits of scientific breakthroughs are revealed, namely, prematurity and fruitfulness."	IPM	
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	Three metrics show particular promise for early identification of breakthrough works.	IPM	
HEMOS: A novel deep learning-based fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media	We collected 576 frequent Chinese Internet slang expressions as a Chinese slang lexicon.	IPM	
HEMOS: A novel deep learning-based fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media	We converted the 109 Weibo emojis into textual features creating Chinese emoji lexicon.	IPM	
HEMOS: A novel deep learning-based fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media	We empirically confirmed inherent humor characteristic to Chinese culture visible on Weibo and divided Weibo posts into four categories.	IPM	
HEMOS: A novel deep learning-based fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media	"We proposed HEMOS, a fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media."	IPM	
HCA: Hierarchical Compare Aggregate model for question retrieval in community question answering	We propose a Hierarchical Compare Aggregate (HCA) model for question retrieval in CQA	IPM	
HCA: Hierarchical Compare Aggregate model for question retrieval in community question answering	The HCA-model can handle the lengthy question with multiple noisy sentences	IPM	
HCA: Hierarchical Compare Aggregate model for question retrieval in community question answering	The HCA-model achieves the best results in the both public-domain SemEval datasets and the domain-specific AskUbuntu dataset	IPM	
MMED: A multi-domain and Multi-modality event dataset	"We contribute a multi-domain and multi-modality event dataset, consisting of news articles contributed by journalists on different news media sites and images shared by amateur users on social media providing official and folk perspectives of events"	IPM	
MMED: A multi-domain and Multi-modality event dataset	"We investigate a number of approaches focusing on cross-modal retrieval and cross-domain event discovery on the MMED dataset and conduct a series of quantitative and qualitative analyses, which can be used as a benchmark for comparisons."	IPM	
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper showcases the usage of author sequence in publication bylines in mapping knowledge domains and in co-citation analysis.	IPM	
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper combines both quantitative and qualitative methods in evaluating knowledge domain maps.	IPM	
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper offers a new framework of evaluating knowledge domain maps.	IPM	
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper summarizes previous studies regarding author co-citation analysis in a good manner.	IPM	
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	We propose an event network structure for extracting temporal and causal relations.	IPM	
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	"By adopting open information extraction, we identify relation across multiple sentences."	IPM	
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	Our approach is able to identify temporal and causal relations in an unsupervised manner.	IPM	
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	Our work is able to identify both directly and indirectly observable relations.	IPM	
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	Most existing deep supervised hashing methods mainly focus on how to effectively preserve the similarity information of semantic labels while ignoring discrimination information in the labels.	IPM	
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	A novel discriminative dual-stream deep hashing method is proposed to integrate the pairwise similarity loss and the classification loss into a unified framework to take full advantage of label information.	IPM	
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	The proposed method enlarges the margin between the different classes so that can generate discrimination of learned binary codes for better image retrieval performance.	IPM	
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	Extensive experiments show that the proposed method consistently outperforms current state-of- the-art methods on three benchmark datasets for image retrieval task.	IPM	
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	A sequential search pattern analysis and clustering approach is proposed to analyze consumers’ search behavior throughout the entire shopping process from the perspective of need-states.	IPM	
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	We adopt maximal repeat patterns and lag sequential analysis to analyze the sequence of search paths and significant search patterns.	IPM	
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	"We identify four groups of consumers who browse for information, adopt recommendations, consult reviews, and conduct searches with different levels of need-states."	IPM	
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	Each group employs its own particular web features to facilitate the shopping process.	IPM	
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	We study how does a reviewer's emotional expression implied in online reviews influence the reader's perceived usefulness.	IPM	
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Reveal that fear-embedded reviews are perceived to be more reviewer`s cognitive effort than angry-embedded reviews.	IPM	
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Reveal that pride-embedded reviews are perceived to more reviewer`s cognitive effort than surprise-embedded reviews.	IPM	
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Show the impacts of different emotional expressions on perceived of reviewer`s cognitive effort is moderated by the gender of readers.	IPM	
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	Social spam evolution is leading to a marked deterioration in the performance of state-of-the-art supervised classifiers.	IPM	
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	The Markov Random Fields formalism allows a hybrid social spam detection model that exploits both users features and their content-based similarity.	IPM	
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	Users content can be exploited to define robust similarity measures.	IPM	
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	Biased and inaccurate prior predictions on users classes can be effectively used in the context of probabilistic graphical models as demonstrated by the significant increase in recall obtained by the proposed approach.	IPM	
A Comparative Study of Outfit Recommendation Methods with a Focus on Attention-based Fusion	Outfit recommender systems based on multimodal item representations work best.	IPM	
A Comparative Study of Outfit Recommendation Methods with a Focus on Attention-based Fusion	Outfit recommendation needs effective fusion of shared and complementary features.	IPM	
A Comparative Study of Outfit Recommendation Methods with a Focus on Attention-based Fusion	Unimodal attention mechanisms can focus on fine-grained and complementary features.	IPM	
A Comparative Study of Outfit Recommendation Methods with a Focus on Attention-based Fusion	Deep learning based recommender system for outfit recommendation.	IPM	
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	"An unsupervised, language independent framework for generic extractive multi-document summarization"	IPM	
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	Bridging the gap between short texts and the conventional text processing methods by expanding sentences with respect to word sense disambiguation and tuning of conceptual densities in the sentences.	IPM	
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	The proposed approach is able to dynamically determine the number of clusters and their initial centroids aiming to identify the main concepts of the documents.	IPM	
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	"Producing Summaries with respect to information significance, minimum redundancy, maximum coverage, and cohesion."	IPM	
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	Able to learn a context-aware semantic model for more accurately estimating semantic similarities.	IPM	
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	Relevance matching plays a more important role than semantic matching in information retrieval.	IPM	
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	"The proposed framework, which combines relevance matching and semantic matching, is more effective than using either relevance matching or semantic matching."	IPM	
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	Five enhanced models are generated by merging the framework with probability-based PRF models and language-model-based PRF models.	IPM	
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	Our PRF framework combines relevance matching and semantic matching to improve the quality of the feedback documents.	IPM	
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Digital forensics can effectively extract activity timelines that help user-centred archival practice.	IPM	
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Data exploration of hard drive activities can reveal clues about the artist's life and creative processes.	IPM	
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	"Data exploration of hard drive activities can uncover the life cycle of files, and identify relationships between files."	IPM	
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Analysis of hard drive metadata can help identify file formats and the software environment in which the artist worked.	IPM	
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Metadata visualisations facilitate multiple levels of content access without the demand for specialist subject knowledge.	IPM	
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	An original framework of semi-supervised learning is presented for POI recommendation	IPM	
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	Multiple factors are jointly studied to excavate complex spatio-temporal patterns of visiting behaviors.	IPM	
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	A network embedding method is proposed to learn the vectors of users and POIs in an embedding space with low dimensionality.	IPM	
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	A dynamic factor graph model is proposed to model different factors including the correlation of users’ vectors and POIs’ vectors.	IPM	
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Leverage regions to capture the spatial information in mouse interaction data, which could reserve more details of the interaction processes between users and SERPs;"	IPM	
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Propose a data augmentation strategy MFP to generate new mouse interaction sequences, which could increase the pattern variations on mouse interaction sequences;"	IPM	
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Propose RALSTM to learn the representations of mouse interaction sequences, which could capture the interactive relations between regions and actions without subjecting the network to higher training complexity."	IPM	
A framework for pre-processing of social media feeds based on integrated local knowledge base	Noisy terms in social media posts must be semantically analysed to gain full insights.	IPM	
A framework for pre-processing of social media feeds based on integrated local knowledge base	Better understanding and interpretation of social media feeds is critical for techniques building on them.	IPM	
A framework for pre-processing of social media feeds based on integrated local knowledge base	Localized knowledge sources can fully capture social media noisy terms from a particular location.	IPM	
A framework for pre-processing of social media feeds based on integrated local knowledge base	Resolving ambiguity in the use of slangs/ acronyms/abbreviation lead to improved accuracy.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	A credibility assessment model of good abandonment results in mobile search is proposed and validated in multiple dimensions.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	Six credibility measures are verified to have an effect on users’ credibility assessment when they get good abandonment results in mobile search.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	How these measures help users to judge the credibility of results is explained.	IPM	
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	Suggestions on enhancing the credibility of results in mobile search were proposed based on the model.	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	A new theoretical framework is developed to explore microblog information credibility by incorporating message format.	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"Argument quality has a decreasing incremental effect on microblog information credibility, suggesting that argument quality is a hygiene factor."	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"Source credibility was found to have a positive and linear effect on microblog information credibility, consistent with the role of a bivalent factor."	IPM	
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	Multimedia diagnosticity was found to have an increasing incremental effect on microblog information credibility.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	This paper presents a new hybrid loss function that enables the text summarisation model to generate easy-to-read simplified summaries.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A new evaluation measure for the combined tasks of summarisation and simplification has been proposed.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	"The proposed hybrid approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art neural text simplification and abstractive text summarisation models by 38.94% and 53.40%, respectively."	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We develop an encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (ED-Net).	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We introduce a synthetic loss function to overcome the data imbalanced problem.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We propose a novel method using ED-Net for intracranial hemorrhage segmentation.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We evaluate ED-Net on a multi-center intracranial hemorrhage clinical dataset.	IPM	
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	Both quantitative and visual results show ED-Net outperforms other methods.	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The proposed models are computationally inexpensive, can be embedded into devices such as smartglasses."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We use a novel feature selection paradigm that is driven by feature attribution score computations.	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We investigate and reason the AI performance, present computations on how exactly it utilises the input features to make affect-related predictions (Explainable AI)."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We compute the relevance and utilisation of facial action unit (FAU)-derived features by the model, comparing it against the human perception of emotion expression."	IPM	
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We extend this FAU-based ’affect’ prediction approach to the FAU-based ’pain-intensity’ prediction problem.	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	We find that the relationship with same semantic but different entity directions are easily confused. The concept of discrimination is proposed and used to solve this issue.	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Designing a learnable overall relevance measure that makes full use of structural and attributed information by integrating HeteSim and attribute projection.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Proposing a constrained negative matrix tri-factorization which utilizes pairwise constraints to cluster nodes of different types at the same time and give a closed solution.	IPM	
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Modeling a unified framework to simultaneously co-cluster different-type nodes and mine the latent relevance between heterogeneous clusters on realworld attributed HINs such as e-commerce platforms and bibliographic networks.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share positive health articles when they have extreme confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share negative health articles when they have moderate confirmation bias or no confirmation bias.	IPM	
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a low level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share health articles regardless of positive or negative content valence when they have moderate positive confirmation bias.	IPM	
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	We define and solve the social influence based community detection problem in EBSNs.	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We leverage supervised learning methods to improve the effectiveness of explicit search result diversification.	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as that of learning a ranking model, based on the coverage of query aspects by each candidate document."	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We learn the importance of query aspects by re-ranking the candidate documents for each aspect and leveraging query performance predictors.	IPM	
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as a fusion task, namely, the supervised merging of rankings per query aspect."	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"A new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed."	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The extractive summarization problem was revisited.	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The syntactic and semantic feature spaces used in summarization were comprehensively investigated.	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	An ensembled feature space was introduced on a new long short-term memory-based neural network model (LSTM-NN).	IPM	
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We provide an inclusive, intelligent, semi-auto-constructed knowledge graph framework HKGB for the medical domain to build knowledge graphs."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We analyze the capabilities and requirements of clinicians, design the tasks to involve the clinicians, and implement a clinician-in-the-loop tool set."	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph.	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved.	IPM	
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	
How Many Bots in Russian Troll Tweets?	There is a continuous rise in using social bots and trolls in Twitter and other online social networks.	IPM	
How Many Bots in Russian Troll Tweets?	Social bots are not homogeneous; they are used for different goals which social bots’ characteristics.	IPM	
How Many Bots in Russian Troll Tweets?	"Social bots can be more active than humans in creating tweets, but they can be less active in some other activities related to Twitter-account interactions with friends and followers or how often such accounts change their status."	IPM	
How Many Bots in Russian Troll Tweets?	"Although social bots can vary in behavior based on their goals, content-based analysis indicates that social bots tend to be more formal in their language in comparison to human accounts, which can be identified through the use of slurs, slang, X-rated words, and the like."	IPM	
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	Most knowledge bases focus on entity facts abandoning procedural knowledge.	IPM	
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	Much of the commonsense knowledge about the real world is in the form of procedures or sequences of actions.	IPM	
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	Automatically build procedural knowledge for the health domain from on-line communities.	IPM	
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	Used open information extraction tool and a pipeline to build the procedural knowledge base	IPM	
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	"A semantically organized knowledge base of 71,200 health-related task frames."	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Propose a novel recommender system finds the best list of items for users using GA.	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	The recommender system generates the recommendation using multi-filtering criteria.	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Propose a multi-objective GA has n-fitness functions based on n-filtering criteria.	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	The GA hierarchically evaluates the individuals using three fitness functions.	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Adopt the multi-ratings criteria idea to evaluate the individuals based on n-rates.	IPM	
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Alleviate cold start and sparsity issues of collaborative filtering.	IPM	
Robust Decentralised Trust Management for the Internet of Things by Using Game Theory	The security problems related to a federated trust management supported by the blockchain within the context of the IoT is formulated;	IPM	
Robust Decentralised Trust Management for the Internet of Things by Using Game Theory	"The interactions of the edge node with the IoT node is modelled as a signalling game, which is studied and a solution is formulated as a Perfect Bayesian Equilibrium"	IPM	
Robust Decentralised Trust Management for the Internet of Things by Using Game Theory	The evolutionary game and Dempster-Shafer theory are combined so as to achieve a robust evidence aggregation and realise robust trust estimation	IPM	
Robust Decentralised Trust Management for the Internet of Things by Using Game Theory	An empirical assessment is presented with an implementation realised with Hyperledger platform.	IPM	
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	A new multi-sentence video captioning algorithm is proposed.	IPM	
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	A new content-oriented beam search approach and a multi-stage refining method are used.	IPM	
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	The structural dictionary of sentences is used to update the probabilities of words.	IPM	
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	An object detector is used to enhance the effectiveness of the algorithm.	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a new text graph representation model and proposing an algorithm to construct it from the input text.	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a new method to dynamically compute weight values for the graph nodes. The method is based on the characteristics of the input document. The weights are adjusted based on the distribution of words and their frequencies in the input text.	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a graph search algorithm to search for the candidate nodes and edges in the text graph. The selected nodes and edges represent the important phrases in the input text.	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	"This algorithm is a generic algorithm that can be used in many applications such as single and multi-document summarization, key phrases extraction, highlights generation, etc."	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	"Proposing a sentence selection algorithm that ranks candidate sentences, groups these sentences in a set of clusters using the K-means clustering algorithm, and selects the top-ranked sentences from each cluster for the final generated summary."	IPM	
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	"Combining a set of extractive ATS methods to benefit from their advantages and overcome drawbacks of every single method.

"	IPM	
Social media analytics and business intelligence research: A systematic review	A systematic review on social media analytics-based BI studies is presented.	IPM	
Social media analytics and business intelligence research: A systematic review	Social media platforms that are in use in BI research are classified and analyzed.	IPM	
Social media analytics and business intelligence research: A systematic review	Dominant methodologies or algorithms for BI research are classified and analyzed.	IPM	
Social media analytics and business intelligence research: A systematic review	Types of intelligent information social media-based BI studies identify are analyzed.	IPM	
Social media analytics and business intelligence research: A systematic review	Promising directions of the research stream are intended for researchers and practitioners.	IPM	
A Google Trends spatial clustering approach for a worldwide Twitter user geolocation	"we estimate the implicit city-level geographic coordinate context of a Twitter user given her/his historical tweets, which is valuable when geotagged tweets or Twitter user location profiles are unavailable or unreliable (a common situation in practice)"	IPM	
A Google Trends spatial clustering approach for a worldwide Twitter user geolocation	"we propose a new unsupervised clustering approach for the user location estimation, based on GT noun city distributions, city polygons, a synthetic sampling and three clustering algorithms: Gaussian Mixture Models (GMM), K-means and Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (DBSCAN)"	IPM	
A Google Trends spatial clustering approach for a worldwide Twitter user geolocation	"we create a recent Twitter user dataset with ground truth city-level locations for 3,268 worldwide users, to compare the proposed approach with a WD method that uses GMM and labeled tweets"	IPM	
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	Proposed two models Time Decay Features Cascade Model (TDF-C) and Time Decay Features Cascade Threshold Model (TDF-CT).	IPM	
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	"Models integrate temporal, structural, profile and interaction characteristics of the social network in diffusion process."	IPM	
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	"TDF-CT handles the limitations of the contemporary diffusion models, i.e., Independent Cascade and Linear Threshold."	IPM	
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	"TDF-C and TDF-CT outperformed Independent Cascade, Time Constant Cascade, Time Decay Cascade & Time-Depth Decay Cascade."	IPM	
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	TDF-C and TDF-CT improve the influence propagation upto 39% with respect to contemporary models.	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"investigate the issue of predicting the success of video segments, which can assist viewers in finding appealing shots."	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"time-sync comments information mining, is used to understand the audience better"	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"A distributed intelligent framework for real-time social big data analytics that ingests, stores, processes, indexes, and visualizes massive amounts of data."	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"For improving decision-making processes in the sense of big data, the framework uses distributed machine learning and deep learning techniques."	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	propose a sentiment analysis method based on using fastText with recurrent neural network variants to efficiently represent textual data.	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"For sentiment analysis, we devised a solution to boost the efficiency of well-known Recurrent neural network models such as LSTM, BiLSTM, and GRU."	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	"using freely accessible public data, new deep learning methods for accurate detection and recognition of professionally unreported drug side effects"	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	use of bidirectional Encoder Representations from Transformers for ADE detection and extraction	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	Identification of different sources of eyewitnesses reports in twitter during a disaster	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	uses different characteristics and labeled data to train several machine learning classifiers	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	Based on microblog proposed a content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	Propose a subject model and keyword search-based approach for identifying users who are specifically interested in learning about public welfare activities.	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"By comparing the correlations between seed users and local users, a distance metric learning-based approach is used to achieve a specific number of local possible users."	IPM	
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A new graph-based paradigm called ""Multi-iterative Graph-based opinion Spam Detection"" (MGSD) is proposed, in which all different forms of entities are considered at the same time within a single system."	IPM	
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"By using the feature fusion technique to evaluate the most appropriate combination of weighted features, the usefulness of the features is assessed."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"A new system called as SNSJam was proposed Using several data sources, including Twitter and Instagram, a system to identify and forecast road traffic jams has been developed."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	A Location recognizer that uses the text of posts and/or GPS coordinates to identify locations. It is  first system that define and support user-defined locations.	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"To detect traffic jams, a context-aware classifier is used. The classifier will decide what is causing traffic jams."	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	a fine-grained emotion prediction model for real-time multimodal data using a hybrid deep learning approach	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	Sentiment for textual modality is calculated using a convolution neural network (ConvNet) enriched with SentiCircle's qualitative semantics.	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"The proposed model's accuracy is approximately 91 percent, which is an increase over the accuracy obtained by the text and image modules separately."	IPM	
Event mining and timeliness analysis from heterogeneous news streams	"Detecting, monitoring, and forecasting incidents from a number of news feeds"	IPM	
Event mining and timeliness analysis from heterogeneous news streams	"Discrete dynamic topic modeling and Hidden Markov Model for event detection and tracking are used, Using the crowdsourcing platform called crowdflower a set of heterogeneous news streams where the news records are classified at the level of fine-granularity events"	IPM	
Privacy-preserving multi-criteria collaborative filtering	"A novel entropy-based privacy-preserving MCCF architecture is proposed, which enables users and sub-criteria to manage privacy-specific parameters dynamically."	IPM	
Privacy-preserving multi-criteria collaborative filtering	"Although retaining the same degree of privacy as the conventional privacy security situation, the proposed entropy-based privacy-preserving system will make substantially more precise forecasts."	IPM	
Estimating Gaussian mixture models in the local neighbourhood of embedded word vectors for query performance prediction	improve the state-of-the-art query performance prediction (QPP) effectiveness	IPM	
Estimating Gaussian mixture models in the local neighbourhood of embedded word vectors for query performance prediction	"A generative model of query specificity, namely estimating d(Q, Q), based on the application of embedded word vectors"	IPM	
A multi-centrality index for graph-based keyword extraction	"A multi-centrality index (MCI) method, which seeks to find the best combination of word rankings based on a number of different centrality measures"	IPM	
A multi-centrality index for graph-based keyword extraction	"Betweenness, Clustering Coefficient, Closeness, Degree, Eccentricity, Eigenvector, K-Core, PageRank, Structural Holes are analyzed locating keywords by co-occurrence Documents are represented by word-graphs."	IPM	
A multi-centrality index for graph-based keyword extraction	The proposed MCI approach significantly outperforms the individual centralities	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	Disnormative needs for information were examined among drug users in dark web	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	The articulation of such needs is determined by the requirement of secrecy.	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	"Information need is triggered by physiological, affective and cognitive factors."	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	Such factors appear in diverse combinations but physiological factor is primary.	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"The amount of time spent on previous search results could be an indicator of potential problems in articulation of needs into queries, perceiving useless results, and not getting useful sources in the following search stage in an information search process."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"While performing social tasks, users mostly searched with an entirely new query, whereas, for cognitive and moderate to high complexity tasks, users used both new and substituted queries as well."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"From users’ search behaviors, it is possible to predict the potential problem that they are going to face in the future."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"User’s search behaviors can map an information searcher’s situational need, along with his/her perception of barriers and helps in different stages of an information search process."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"By combining perceived problem(s) and search behavioral features, it is possible to infer users’ needed help(s) in search with a certain level of accuracy (78%)."	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	An empirical Bayesian approach for making probabilistic predictions of events such as social unrest from online social network data.	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	A framework for predictive modelling from social networks by combining machine learning tools	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	"Analysis of datasets relating to social unrest in Australia during 2017/18, including a dataset used to classify protest-relevant tweets included with the paper."	IPM	
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	We propose an attention-based Hierarchical LSTM network to identify successful persuasion from CMV conversations. We use this model to predict whether a particular chain of comments is going to persuade the OP or not. This model jointly learns the binary classification of persuasion guided by Δ-score and regression task of predicting the karma score for each comment.	IPM	
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	"We incorporate an attention mechanism in our model which weighs sentences in a comment accordingly; we use these weights to identify argumentative sentences. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to train a neural network for a supervised task (persuasion prediction) and force it to learn an unsupervised task (argumentative sentence identification)."	IPM	
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	"We propose a novel algorithm to detect argument components from argumentative sentences. This algorithm exploits some linguistic rules to identify a subset of argument components and finds the closure using similarity measurements. We employ Dynamic Time Warping distance (a measurement of geometric similarity between variable length time series data) to compute the similarity between text segments taken as time series. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first semi-supervised approach for argument mining from social media conversations"	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"Despite the importance of identifying leading VCs, this research topic is rarely mentioned in the relevant literature. As we know, this paper is the first study to identify leading VCs."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"This paper incorporates with several different centrality measures of co-investment network of VCs, and then proposes a new approach based on the weighted k-means to rank VCs at both group and individual levels and identify the leading VCs"	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"The approach not only shows alternative groupings based on multiple evaluation criteria, but also ranks them according to their comprehensive score which is the weighted sum of these criteria."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"Empirical analysis shows the efficiency and practicability of the proposed approach to identify leading Chinese VCs. It indicates that the proposed method is worth considering, especially as is helpful for social scientists to understand leading VCs based on the results of analyzing historical data of investment events."	IPM	
Class-aware tensor factorization for multi-relational classification	"Combination of tensor factorization with classification, achieving class-aware factorization of tensorial data."	IPM	
Class-aware tensor factorization for multi-relational classification	"Demonstration of the benefits of using the proposed method to rank social network users according to their class, using real-world datasets."	IPM	
A two phase investment game for competitive opinion dynamics in social networks	"We formulate the two-phase objective function under Friedkin–Johnsen model, where a node’s final opinion in the first phase acts as its initial bias for the second phase, and the effectiveness of a camp’s investment on the node depends on this initial bias"	IPM	
A two phase investment game for competitive opinion dynamics in social networks	"For the non-competitive case, we develop a polynomial time algorithm for determining an optimal way to split a camp’s budget between the two phases and the nodes to be invested on in the two phases "	IPM	
A two phase investment game for competitive opinion dynamics in social networks	"For the competitive case involving both the camps, we show the existence of Nash equilibrium, and that it can be computed in polynomial time under reasonable assumptions"	IPM	
A two phase investment game for competitive opinion dynamics in social networks	"Using simulations, we illustrate our analytically derived results on real-world network datasets, and quantify the effects of the initial biases and the weightage attributed by nodes to their initial biases, as well as that of a camp deviating from its equilibrium strategy"	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	"we study, for the first time in the literature, the problem of bribing users in the recommender systems context, identifying under which conditions sellers can make effective attacks;"	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	we propose a novel hybrid Collaborative Filtering algorithm to counter bribing;	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	"we identify, from the point of view of a seller of an item i, which users are profitable to bribe in the following cases: (i) bribe a user that already rated i to increase his/her rating; (ii) bribe a user that did not rate i to rate it; (iii) bribe a user that rated a competitor product to decrease his/her rating; (iv) bribe a user to rate a related item;"	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	we show that our algorithm is as effective as the state-of-the-art approaches while being more efficient	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	"we illustrate our framework, by studying the impact of bribing in our algorithm and a real-world system (the SVD recommender system (Salakhutdinov & Mnih, 2007)), considering the MovieLens 100k and 1M datasets, showing that our approach is more robust against bribery."	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We are one of very few works in the literature to perform fine-grained (i.e., attraction-level, with at least monthly granularity) predictions of visitation counts and exploit social media data to improve such predictions. And we do this for more than one hundred attractions while most works focus on a single or just a few attractions."	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We incorporate both environmental and social media features in order to predict touristic demands, creating robust forecasting models. This is especially useful in the case of touristic places with low availability of visitation census (e.g., due to high costs of surveys and the difficulty to access remote places to collect data)."	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We collect, join and analyze five different datasets – TripAdvisor reviews and ratings, U.S National Park Service, U.S national climate data center, Department for Digital, Culture, Media and Sport of England and finally U.K national weather service covering two types of attractions (indoor and outdoor attractions). We made these datasets available online in our data in brief paper (Khatibi, Belem, da Silva, Almeida, & Goncalves, 2019) for future experiments in the area of fine-grained tourism analysis using social media and environmental data."	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We compare the effectiveness of five different machine learning techniques, namely, Linear Regression, Support Vector Regression, General Regression Neural Network, SARIMA and SARIMAX, for the tourism demand prediction task in all considered scenarios"	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We propose a community detection method that considers users’ topical interests and their temporal evolution in tandem by learning neural user representations, which embeds users in an embedding space where those users who have similar inclination towards similar topics in similar time intervals will be embedded close to each other."	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	We employ neural graph embedding techniques to embed information from users’ social network structure into user representations.	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We build a single set of multimodal embeddings from embeddings of temporal social content and social network structure through their linear interpolation in order to elucidate the contribution of users’ temporal content on the one hand, and social network structure, on the other hand, for finding user communities."	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We identify temporal content-based user communities which are topically, temporally and structurally cohesive, based on our multimodal user embeddings."	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We demonstrate the performance of the various variations of our work in the context of news recommendation and user prediction, and compare them to the state of the art on a Twitter dataset."	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	We define the novel attributed group (AG) query problem over attributed graphs and we propose new objective functions to rank the results.	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We prove that optimizing these objectives is NP-hard. Thus, we propose approximation algorithms with a guaranteed ratio of two to find the answers efficiently."	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"Since the total number of answers is exponential in the number of query keywords and the size of the group, we propose a procedure to find approximate top-k groups with polynomial delay."	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We experimentally compare our methods against existing approaches on real-world large graphs, showing that our algorithms efficiently find compact groups with the desired size and keyword coverage."	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Example seed nodes may be too few and non-central to help produce high quality community ranks.	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Finding more seed nodes can improve the quality of ranking algorithms.	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Proposed a novel seed oversampling method to find more seed nodes	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Proposed a boosting scheme to combine seed oversampling iterations	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Produced higher quality ranks compared to the neighborhood inflation heuristic.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We devise probabilistic meta paths representation learning for churn prediction.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We propose a random walks sampling method based on the corresponding Markov models.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	Experiments on real-life datasets show the benefit of probabilistic meta path RL	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We obtain promising insights on meta path type and predictive outcome interplay.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	Our method alleviates RL computational requirements by random walk sampling.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	we constructed the largest network evolution corpora that is publicly available.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	"The dataset consists of billions of records that we used to construct and analyze the evolution process of over 38,000 complex networks and the topological properties of more than 2.5 million graphs over long periods of times. This dataset can immensely aid researchers in investigating and understanding complex dynamic systems"	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	we observed that time is a crucial factor in the way a network evolves. Vertices tend to connect to other vertices that join the network at a similar time.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	" we found that the rate new vertices join a network is a central factor in molding a network’s topology. We identified six common patterns in which vertices tend to join a network (see Fig. 2). Moreover, we observed that different vertex-join patterns influence the structure and properties of a network "	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	"we discovered that network stars (high-degree vertices) tend to emerge in networks that are growing rapidly. For slow-growing networks, most stars emerged a short time after the network became active and kept their place, while for fast-growing networks, stars emerged at any time "	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	"we developed a simple model, utilizing all the above observations, that uses real-world big data to confirm and explain our observations. Our Temporal Preferential Attachment (TPA) model improves upon previous models because it more correctly represents real-world data, especially for networks that are growing quickly, and can be used in a more flexible manner. Furthermore, our model gives insights on the changing popularity of network stars"	IPM	
HClaimE: A tool for identifying health claims in health news headlines	A new method for extracting science claims in news headlines.	IPM	
HClaimE: A tool for identifying health claims in health news headlines	The new method is tailored to the language style of news headlines.	IPM	
HClaimE: A tool for identifying health claims in health news headlines	The first step toward comparing health claims in news and original papers.	IPM	
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We address the limitations in traditional multiple inheritance-based and MICA-based approaches	IPM	
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We highlight some new structural issues in WCG in terms of branching factors and multiple inheritances.	IPM	
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We introduce a new IC-based function to compute the semantic contribution weight of a category in WCG	IPM	
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We present a new multiple inheritance-based SS approach called Neighborhood Ancestor Semantic Contribution (NASC)	IPM	
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We evaluate our methods in gold standard word similarity benchmarks	IPM	
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	The quantitative analysis in terms of topic words and their correlation for mining and analysis of foreign relations is lacked and needed.	IPM	
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	A framework for studying foreign relations is proposed and tested with British parliamentary texts	IPM	
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	Five communities are identified and the distribution of topics related to China is extremely unbalanced and highly concentrated.	IPM	
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	Evolution patterns of main topics are widely different in terms of continuity and development trends.	IPM	
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	"The case study on UK-China relations contribute to deepen the understanding of international relations between the two countries, so as to provide valuable references and suggestions for the government and researchers."	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	"We propose a novel alternative loss function termed Incremental Focal Loss (IFL), which is demonstrated to apparently boost training of GANs."	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	We proposed an enhanced self-attention (ESA) mechanism to improve the representational capacity of deep features in the generator.	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	"Both IFL and ESA can be applied to various unsupervised or conditional GANs, and are promising to improve the quality of generated images."	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	We propose a novel crowd-powered model to detect appropriateness of the videos on social media	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	Our experiments with 47 crowd contributors demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	The approach detects the unsafe videos with high accuracy (95%) and point out the portion of inappropriateness.	IPM	
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	"Using Prolog to process XQuery is faster than using native XML tools, for queries that search by key or position on small datasets."	IPM	
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	"For large datasets, or for queries that search for substrings, native XML approaches are the best option."	IPM	
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	Results show that it is worth investing in an algorithm to automatically translate XQuery into Prolog queries.	IPM	
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	We developed a coherent IT-enabled crowdsourcing (CS) conceptual framework.	IPM	
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	The main elements of a CS process are identified.	IPM	
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	"The framework defines CS as a legitimate, IT-enabled form of problem-solving."	IPM	
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	The framework extends the IS field and helps us better understand this phenomenon.	IPM	
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	Our results can help organizations to leverage CS more efficiently.	IPM	
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Proposing a fusion approach for retrieving candidates in cross-lingual plagiarism detection that combines a conceptual-based and keyword-based retrieval models.	IPM	
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Providing a dynamic fusion measure that presents a specific interpolation factor for each sample of suspicious documents.	IPM	
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	"Comprehensive assessment of the performance of conceptual models, especially the ESA model in the retrieval of candidates for cross-language plagiarism."	IPM	
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Study the impact of using peak-and-plateau strategy as post processing on the output of the proposed retrieval model.	IPM	
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Comparing the performance of the proposed model with the state-of-the-art approaches in cross-lingual candidate retrieval.	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	Human-human and human-bot conversation on Twitter can be characterized by specific patterns that emerge as bot and human accounts exchange emotion-conveying messages.	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	"These patters come in form of statistically-significant subgraphs that we call emotion-exchange motifs, which are an extension of the traditional network motifs."	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	"There are distinct emotion-exchange motifs that are characteristic for a human-like communication. These motifs include self-loops, reciprocal edges, and transitive triads."	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	"Human users tend to use self-loops when communicating anger, a mechanism used to bypass the 140-character restriction on Twitter."	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	"As they communicate with humans, bot accounts form only a smaller subset of emotion-exchange motifs that, unlike the ones found in a human-human communication, involve only one-way edges (message chain motifs, broadcasting motifs, and a message-receiver motifs without reciprocal edges)."	IPM	
You talkin’ to me? Exploring Human/Bot Communication Patterns during Riot Events	"Specific to the events considered in this study (riot events), bots were responsible for a dissemination of messages conveying fear. These messages receives a considerable high number of retweets in our data-sets. The use of fear is also evident in the fear-exchange motifs where bots consistently take over a message-sender role (whereas a human is consistently a message receiver)."	IPM	
Multi-modal product title compression	"We design a multi-modal product title compression framework named TOPIC to consider multiple modalities of inputs for better short product titles generation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to incorporate visual and textual features to boost the performance of product title compression in e-commerce."	IPM	
Multi-modal product title compression	"We present a cross- and intr-modal attention unit, which is able to encode the visual and textual information as context simultaneously. Meanwhile, considering that extractive-based methods may have the reorder problem, we further introduce the reinforcement learning to solve this problem"	IPM	
Multi-modal product title compression	"We construct a multi-modal product title compression corpus from a real e-commerce platform. The experimental results on this dataset demonstrate that our proposed system outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Meanwhile, we have released the dataset and implementation to facilitate the research community"	IPM	
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	We introduce two new large well-annotated corpora of Arabic text collected from several news portals. All datasets are available for the research community on Arabic computational linguistics	IPM	
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	"As far as we know, a thorough deep learning-based models has not been systematically studied for Arabic text classification."	IPM	
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	We also integrate word embedding to enable the classifiers achieve superior performance.	IPM	
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	"Finally, we conduct extensive experiments to show the effectiveness of the proposed datasets and deep learning models. The models achieve superior performance and the significant results affirm the suitability of such classifiers."	IPM	
Voluntary sharing and mandatory provision: Private information disclosure on social networking sites	Differentiating two modes of private information disclosure on social network sites: active sharing and passive providing.	IPM	
Voluntary sharing and mandatory provision: Private information disclosure on social networking sites	"Active sharing is more likely to be driven by factors such as perceived benefits, social network size, and personalization."	IPM	
Voluntary sharing and mandatory provision: Private information disclosure on social networking sites	"Passive providing is more likely to be affected by factors such as quality of privacy policy, and perceived risks."	IPM	
Voluntary sharing and mandatory provision: Private information disclosure on social networking sites	"Gender has a positive impact on active sharing, but no significant impact on passive providing."	IPM	
Voluntary sharing and mandatory provision: Private information disclosure on social networking sites	"Age has a negative impact on passive providing, but no significant impact on active sharing."	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"We build a dataset, which includes video and time-sync comments, for segment popularity prediction."	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"We study the problem of video segment popularity prediction, which can help audiences to find attractive shots."	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"With the help of time-sync comments information mining, the model can better understanding the audiences."	IPM	
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	Combining visual and text information can make results more precise.	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"We present an effective distributed intelligent system for real-time social big data analytics, which is dedicated to ingest, store, process, index, and visualize huge amount of information."	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	The system takes advantage of distributed machine learning and deep learning techniques for enhancing decision-making processes in the context of big data.	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	We propose an efficient strategy based on FastText word embedding and Recurrent neural network variants to learn textual data representations efficiently.	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"We devise a solution to improve the performance of well-known Recurrent neural network models called LSTM, BiLSTM and GRU for sentiment analysis."	IPM	
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	The experimental results prove the effectiveness of our proposal	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	Previous pharmacovigilance research fails to accurately discover drug side effects.	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	We introduce a novel adverse drug event extraction algorithm using deep learning.	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	We introduce the use of novel contextual word and sentence embeddings.	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	Results show that our model outperforms current pharmacovigilance models.	IPM	
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	This model can be applied to a wide variety of information extraction tasks.	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	"Designing a taxonomy consisting of different sub-types of eyewitnesses i.e., direct eyewitness, indirect eyewitness, vulnerable direct eyewitness."	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	"A generalized methodology, which can be applied on textual data from other domains to extract eyewitness reports, that uses textual content-based features and domain-expert features without relying on platform-specific features such as Twitter metadata."	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	Combining textual and domain-expert features to train and evaluate automatic machine learning classifiers on real-world disaster-related Twitter datasets.	IPM	
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	"Last but not least, we offer all the labeled data obtained through crowdsourcing and manual analysis to the research community to further develop and extend this line of research. The dataset will be shared at the CrisisNLP repository: https://crisisnlp.qcri.org/."	IPM	
"Rapid relevance classification of social media posts in disasters and emergencies: A system and evaluation featuring active, incremental and online learning"	Abstract and precise relevance criteria for emergency services and classifiers.	IPM	
"Rapid relevance classification of social media posts in disasters and emergencies: A system and evaluation featuring active, incremental and online learning"	Batch learning for relevance classification using precise relevance criteria.	IPM	
"Rapid relevance classification of social media posts in disasters and emergencies: A system and evaluation featuring active, incremental and online learning"	Active learning for rapid classification during time-critical disasters.	IPM	
"Rapid relevance classification of social media posts in disasters and emergencies: A system and evaluation featuring active, incremental and online learning"	Feedback learning allowing users to correct misclassifications reactively.	IPM	
"Rapid relevance classification of social media posts in disasters and emergencies: A system and evaluation featuring active, incremental and online learning"	Incremental learning for real-time classifier quality prediction during labeling.	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose CLAP, which can seek a certain number of local potential users for a PWAP, and push the corresponding information to them."	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose a topic model and keyword search based method to discover users who are explicitly interested in PWAs, which can work without tags and complete microblog contents."	IPM	
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose a distance metric learning based method to obtain a certain number of local potential users, which can accurately measure the similarities between seed users and local users."	IPM	
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A novel heterogeneous graph (MGSD) model is proposed to illustrate the intra- and inter-relationships among entities (e.g., to capture both singleton and multiple spam entities)."	IPM	
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"Various sets of existing content, behaviour and relation-based features are exploited, with a new set of features defined to improve spamming detection accuracy. Importance of the features is analysed (the features’ weight) by applying the feature fusion technique to determine the most effective combination of weighted features."	IPM	
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A multi-iterative algorithm is designed to update the spamicity of entities during a finite number of iterations based on the spamicity score of their adjacent neighbours. The relationships among neighbours’ nodes though cannot be captured if only the spamicity score of each entity, without considering its neighbours, is calculated."	IPM	
Toward creating a fairer ranking in search engine results	Top web search results from search engines are topically biased.	IPM	
Toward creating a fairer ranking in search engine results	Diversity fairness can improve diversity and relevance in retrieval results	IPM	
Toward creating a fairer ranking in search engine results	Performance of fair ranking strategies depend on fairness constraint and data.	IPM	
Toward creating a fairer ranking in search engine results	"The lower the diversity bias, the higher the relevance, diversity and novelty."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"We propose SNSJam, which is a system to detect and predict road traffic jams by leveraging multiple data sources, specifically Twitter and Instagram."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"SNSJam supports multiple languages, specifically Arabic and English. It also supports Standard Arabic and UAE local Dialect."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"We developed a location recognizer that identifies locations from the text of posts and/or GPS locations. Additionally, SNSJam supports user-defined locations, which are common names among people but different from the official names. SNSJam is the first such system to define and support user-defined locations."	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	We developed a context-aware classifier to detect traffic jams. The classifier is able to identify the cause of traffic jams. The detected traffic jams can be visualized through a dynamic map.	IPM	
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	SNSJam employs a linear regression model to predict future traffic jams by leveraging current and historical posts.	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	Expounds the aesthetics of sentiments in social psychology.	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"A Context-aware decision level fusion model for multimodal sentiment analysis in multimodal text, m, where m ε {text, image, info-graphic} is proposed."	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	The textual modality sentiment is determined using a convolution neural network (ConvNet) enriched with the contextual semantics of SentiCircle.	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	Support vector machine (SVM) classifier trained using bag-of-visual-words (BoVW) for predicting the visual content sentiment.	IPM	
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"A Boolean system with a logical OR operation is augmented to the architecture for multi-class sentiment classification into five fine-grain levels, namely, highly positive, positive, neutral, negative and highly negative."	IPM	
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	We combine visual attention and textual attention to forma dual attention mechanism to guide the image caption generation.	IPM	
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	We adopt FCN to predict image tagsand fuse tag generation and image caption generation to train encode-decode model.	IPM	
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	Our proposed model achieves state-of-the-artperformance in AIC-ICC image Chinese caption dataset.	IPM	
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"The proposal of a novel neural pseudo relevance feedback (NPRF) framework that enables the integration of PRF for neural retrieval. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first neural retrieval model that integrates PRF information by end-to-end learning."	IPM	
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"Three instantiations of the NPRF framework are introduced based on state-of-the-art neural IR models, namely the unigram DRMM and KNRM models, and the n-gram PACRR model."	IPM	
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"Thorough experiments support the framework’s intuition and showcase its ability in enhancing the retrieval performance of neural retrieval. In addition, analysis indicates reduced training and validation losses by our NPRF framework, leading to significantly improved effectiveness of the learned ranking functions."	IPM	
Does the review deserve more helpfulness when its title resembles the content? Locating helpful reviews by text mining	The similarity between review title and content was examined.	IPM	
Does the review deserve more helpfulness when its title resembles the content? Locating helpful reviews by text mining	Text similarity between title and content affects review helpfulness.	IPM	
Does the review deserve more helpfulness when its title resembles the content? Locating helpful reviews by text mining	Consistence between title sentiment and review sentiment was tested.	IPM	
Does the review deserve more helpfulness when its title resembles the content? Locating helpful reviews by text mining	Sentiment consistence moderated relationships between text similarity and review helpfulness.	IPM	
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	"Using complex system simulation model to dynamically deduce the dissemination effect of network public opinion by government, media and netizens in the event of emergencies"	IPM	
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	Using social network analysis method to study the law and effect of network public opinion communication from the perspective of network space structure	IPM	
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	Change the parameters of the main body and analyze the evolution trend of the network public opinion of the emergency.	IPM	
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	Provide policy support for the government in dealing with unexpected crisis management.	IPM	
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	We propose the problem of recreational queries in information retrieval and propose a solution that combines search query logs with LBSNs.	IPM	
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	We describe a taxonomy for recreational queries derived from real world data by examining a real-world query log	IPM	
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	"We introduce a relevance model that incorporates spatial, temporal information, and social data."	IPM	
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	We detail the offline evaluation of the POIs proposed by our techniques. This topic is usually not covered nor described in detailed in related work. We showed that assessing POIs is very complex and propose design alternatives that work well.	IPM	
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	"To summarize, we present an end-to-end data driven system that uses LBSN data to solve a common web search scenario."	IPM	
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	"Develops multimodal classification of memes using image, text, and face encoding."	IPM	
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	Uses graph learning to create the evolutionary tree for memes.	IPM	
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	Applies this to a large online conversation around a political event (2018 US mid-term elections).	IPM	
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	Outlines technique for meme OCR pre-processing.	IPM	
Taylor's Q1 “Visceral” level of information need: What is it?	"A conceptual definition of Taylor's Q1 level of “visceral” information need, which the searcher is not aware of, based in how humans intersect with the world of information."	IPM	
Taylor's Q1 “Visceral” level of information need: What is it?	"An operational definition of Taylor's Q1 level of information need, based on Belkin's ASK concept of information."	IPM	
Taylor's Q1 “Visceral” level of information need: What is it?	The article defines the searcher's search situation using Taylor's Q4 level of her compromised information need.	IPM	
Taylor's Q1 “Visceral” level of information need: What is it?	The article outlines how an information system can shift the searcher from an ineffectual transactional Q4 level state of information to a relational Q1 level of the searcher's real information need.	IPM	
Taylor's Q1 “Visceral” level of information need: What is it?	Important for search engine development which offers users an effective Q1 level information need actualization method.	IPM	
“Nothing's available”: Young fathers’ experiences with unmet information needs and barriers to resolving them	Young fathers often have unexpressed and unaddressed information needs.	IPM	
“Nothing's available”: Young fathers’ experiences with unmet information needs and barriers to resolving them	Information inequality for young fathers was influenced by gender several levels.	IPM	
“Nothing's available”: Young fathers’ experiences with unmet information needs and barriers to resolving them	Young fathers encounter barriers when accessing parenting services.	IPM	
“Nothing's available”: Young fathers’ experiences with unmet information needs and barriers to resolving them	Young mothers often serve as information intermediaries for young fathers.	IPM	
“Nothing's available”: Young fathers’ experiences with unmet information needs and barriers to resolving them	Young fathers avoid asking for support to adhere to traditional masculine values.	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	Disnormative needs for information were examined among drug users in dark web.	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	The articulation of such needs is determined by the requirement of secrecy.	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	"Information need is triggered by physiological, affective and cognitive factors."	IPM	
Information needs of drug users on a local dark Web marketplace	Such factors appear in diverse combinations but physiological factor is primary.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Only 3.2% of the reviewed articles defined consumer health information needs (CHIN).	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	All definitions defined CHIN from a cognitive perspective.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Emotional and social dimensions of CHIN were largely ignored in the included studies.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	There was a lack of consensus in measuring CHIN among studies.	IPM	
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Health topics needed was the most commonly measured aspect.	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"The amount of time spent on previous search results could be an indicator of potential problems in articulation of needs into queries, perceiving useless results, and not getting useful sources in the following search stage in an information search process."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"While performing social tasks, users mostly searched with an entirely new query, whereas, for cognitive and moderate to high complexity tasks, users used both new and substituted queries as well."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"From users’ search behaviors, it is possible to predict the potential problem that they are going to face in the future."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"User’s search behaviors can map an information searcher’s situational need, along with his/her perception of barriers and helps in different stages of an information search process."	IPM	
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"By combining perceived problem(s) and search behavioral features, it is possible to infer users’ needed help(s) in search with a certain level of accuracy (78%)."	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Information needs are described as task-based activities.	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Task-based information needs are dependent of both individual characteristics and work task context.	IPM	
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	We introduce a novel differentiation between horizontal and vertical relationships for information needs.	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	An empirical Bayesian approach for making probabilistic predictions of events such as social unrest from online social network data.	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	A framework for predictive modelling from social networks by combining machine learning tools.	IPM	
Pachinko Prediction: A Bayesian method for event prediction from social media data	"Analysis of datasets relating to social unrest in Australia during 2017/18, including a dataset used to classify protest-relevant tweets included with the paper."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"Despite the importance of identifying leading VCs, this research topic is rarely mentioned in the relevant literature. As we know, this paper is the first study to identify leading VCs."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"This paper incorporates with several different centrality measures of co-investment network of VCs, and then proposes a new approach based on the weighted k-means to rank VCs at both group and individual levels and identify the leading VCs."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"The approach not only shows alternative groupings based on multiple evaluation criteria, but also ranks them according to their comprehensive score which is the weighted sum of these criteria."	IPM	
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"Empirical analysis shows the efficiency and practicability of the proposed approach to identify leading Chinese VCs. It indicates that the proposed method is worth considering, especially as is helpful for social scientists to understand leading VCs based on the results of analyzing historical data of investment events."	IPM	
Class-aware tensor factorization for multi-relational classification	Introduced a new semi-supervised tensor factorization approach.	IPM	
Class-aware tensor factorization for multi-relational classification	Presented a joint optimization method which combines tensor factorization and a classification error term.	IPM	
Class-aware tensor factorization for multi-relational classification	Demonstrated effective performance in multiple real-world datasets.	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	"we study, for the first time in the literature, the problem of bribing users in the recommender systems context, identifying under which conditions sellers can make effective attacks"	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	we propose a novel hybrid Collaborative Filtering algorithm to counter bribing	IPM	
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	we show that our algorithm is as effective as the state-of-the-art approaches while being more efficient;	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We are one of very few works in the literature to perform fine-grained (i.e., attraction-level, with at least monthly granularity) predictions of visitation counts and exploit social media data to improve such predictions. "	IPM	
Fine-grained tourism prediction: Impact of social and environmental features	"We incorporate both environmental and social media features in order to predict touristic demands, creating robust forecasting models. "	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	we propose a new method for learning neural embeddings for users based on their temporal content similarity	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	we learn user embeddings based on their social network connections (links) through neural graph embeddings	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	we systematically interpolate temporal content-based embeddings and social link-based embeddings to capture both social network connections and temporal content evolution for representing users	IPM	
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	we systematically evaluate the quality of each embedding type in isolation and also when interpolated together and demonstrate their performance on a Twitter dataset under two different application scenarios	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	We define the novel attributed group (AG) query problem over attributed graphs and we propose new objective functions to rank the results.	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We prove that optimizing these objectives is NP-hard. Thus, we propose approximation algorithms with a guaranteed ratio of two to find the answers efficiently."	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"ince the total number of answers is exponential in the number of query keywords and the size of the group, we propose a procedure to find approximate top-k groups with polynomial delay."	IPM	
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We experimentally compare our methods against existing approaches on real-world large graphs, showing that our algorithms efficiently find compact groups with the desired size and keyword coverage."	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Example seed nodes may be too few and non-central to help produce high quality community ranks.	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Finding more seed nodes can improve the quality of ranking algorithms.	IPM	
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Produced higher quality ranks compared to the neighborhood inflation heuristic.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We devise probabilistic meta paths representation learning for churn prediction.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We propose a random walks sampling method based on the corresponding Markov models.	IPM	
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	Our method alleviates RL computational requirements by random walk sampling.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	"We constructed the largest publicly available network evolution dataset to date, which contains 38,000 real-world networks and 2.5 million graphs."	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	A novel flexible network-generation model based on large-scale real-world data is presented.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	Links are most prevalent among vertices that join a network at a similar time.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	The rate that new vertices join a network is a central factor in molding a network’s topology.	IPM	
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	The emergence of network stars (high-degree vertices) is correlated with fast-growing networks.	IPM	
An evaluation of document clustering and topic modelling in two online social networks: Twitter and Reddit	Document clustering with document embedding representations combined with k-means clustering delivered the best performance.	IPM	
An evaluation of document clustering and topic modelling in two online social networks: Twitter and Reddit	The epochs required for optimal training of document embeddings is in general inversely proportional to the document length.	IPM	
An evaluation of document clustering and topic modelling in two online social networks: Twitter and Reddit	The Adjusted Rand Index and Adjusted Mutual Information are the most appropriate extrinsic evaluation measures for clustering.	IPM	
An evaluation of document clustering and topic modelling in two online social networks: Twitter and Reddit	Document clusters can be interpreted by top terms extracted from combining TF-IDF scores with word embedding similarities.	IPM	
Neural opinion dynamics model for the prediction of user-level stance dynamics	"We propose a novel Neural Opinion Dynamics (NOD) model that jointly models users’ posts, neighborhood and topical contextual information using an attention mechanism."	IPM	
Neural opinion dynamics model for the prediction of user-level stance dynamics	Experimental results on two Twitter datasets show that the proposed approach outperforms the state-of-the-art approaches and is effective in tracking the user-level opinion dynamics.	IPM	
Neural opinion dynamics model for the prediction of user-level stance dynamics	"Unlike previous approaches, a user’s sequential posting behavior is simulated by a GRU, which fully exploits the temporal contextual information for online learning."	IPM	
Neural opinion dynamics model for the prediction of user-level stance dynamics	We propose a new semi-supervised learning solution for breaking news rumor detection by combining an unsupervised learning objective with a supervised learning objective	IPM	
Neural opinion dynamics model for the prediction of user-level stance dynamics	a new strategy to update word embeddings on the fly with the training process to mitigate the cross-topic and OOV issue in breaking news rumor detection.	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	"We propose a novel alternative loss function termed Incremental Focal Loss (IFL), which is demonstrated to apparently boost training of GANs."	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	We proposed an enhanced self-attention (ESA) mechanism to improve the representational capacity of deep features in the generator.	IPM	
Incremental focal loss GANs	"Both IFL and ESA can be applied to various unsupervised or conditional GANs, and are promising to improve the quality of generated images."	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	We propose a novel crowd-powered model to detect appropriateness of the videos on social media.	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	Our experiments with 47 crowd contributors demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	The approach detects the unsafe videos with high accuracy (95%) and point out the portion of inappropriateness.	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we define an action command ontology for the humanoid robot NAO containing all the physical movements that NAO can perform, all its body parts and all related words and synonyms"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we develop an NLP engine to extract from natural language sentences actions to be mapped in the defined ontology and that the robot will perform	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we define the concept of incompatibility among the actions of the robot and give the definition of the robot state	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we introduce two modes for NAO to operate, STATELESS and STATEFUL. When in STATEFUL mode, NAO performs a recognized action if and only if this is compatible with NAO’s current state"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we introduce two modes for NAO to operate, STATELESS and STATEFUL. When in STATEFUL mode, NAO performs a recognized action if and only if this is compatible with NAO’s current state"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we run the NLP engine on cloud computing resources and a software layer on the NAO robot which is responsible to interact with the user and communicate with the NLP engine	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we made publicly available the developed ontology, the NLP engine, and the developed software for the community"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we carried out a performance evaluation on five subjects in order to test our approach and identifying potential weakness of the system that we can improve as future development.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	A morpho-semantic knowledge graph CAMS-KG is built from vocalized Classical Arabic corpus.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG combines tools for morphological analysis and disambiguation, and implements a concordance builder tool, and KG representation."	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	KG stores the extracted morpho-semantic knowledge: representing morphological categories and both morphological and semantic relations.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	BM25 ranking is used for retrieving related documents for a given query.	IPM	
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG is evaluated on two datasets (Tashkeela, and ZAD). Several query expansion strategies are experimented on 25 queries from ZAD dataset."	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Community characterization via content analysis.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Analysis and extraction of six syntactic and semantic features from tweets.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Identification of topics and proper nouns as characteristic features of a community.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	The research provides insights on how people from specific communities share similar content.	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	This work introduces a new task that addresses lifelog mining on the real world social media data. 	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	We propose a comprehensive system for the extraction. Related subtasks in the extraction workflow are formulated and modeled with a multimodal joint learning approach. Experimental results show promising performances are achieved in all the subtasks.	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	"We demonstrate how to construct a personal knowledge base for general life events, providing complementary information for recall and retrieval. "	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	We release the lifelog dataset in our website.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	First ever attempt to apply complex network theory for precise novel sense detection.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Complex network measures boosts the precision values from 0.23-0.32 to 0.74-0.86.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Network measures are more useful than network embedding measures for this task.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Gold standard dataset prepared by us for this task are made publicly available.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that exploits the semantics of the corpus by adapting global word embeddings to the context of analysis.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Self-attentive discriminator to map the semantics of the generated text with real-world text.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Evaluation framework based on quantitative and qualitative analyses.	IPM	
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that balances both generator and discriminator towards reaching the Nash equilibrium.	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We tackle the challenge of query suggestion in a novel way by proposing an Attention-based Hierarchical Neural Query Suggestion model, i.e., AHNQS, which adopts a hierarchical structure containing a user attention mechanism to better capture the user’s search intent."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We analyse the impact of session length on query suggestion performance and find that AHNQS consistently yields the best performance, especially with short search contexts."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We examine the performance of AHNQS with different numbers of users’ sessions. We find that AHNQS always yields better performance over the best baseline model, especially for users with few search sessions."	IPM	
Eating healthier: Exploring nutrition information for healthier recipe recommendation	"We propose a healthy recipe recommendation framework (NutRec), which first builds a healthy pseudo-recipe considering the nutritional values and then scans the recipe dataset for items resembling the pseudo-recipe. Our proposed NutRec relies not only on the relations between the ingredients themselves but also on those of their quantities, which ultimately dictate the healthiness of a recipe. To the best of our knowledge, no prior study has incorporated these features."	IPM	
Eating healthier: Exploring nutrition information for healthier recipe recommendation	"The pseudo-recipe is a list of ingredients with their quantities, and the nutritional values of the pseudo-recipe should match the predefined targets as best as possible. To generate the pseudo-recipe, we first propose an embedding-based ingredient predictor, which embeds all the ingredients into a latent space and predicts the supplemented ingredients based on the distances of ingredient representations; we then propose an amount predictor to compute the quantities of the supplemented ingredients."	IPM	
Eating healthier: Exploring nutrition information for healthier recipe recommendation	"We conduct extensive experiments with two real recipe datasets, and the experimental results confirm the superiority of our methods over the baselines. To facilitate the community research, we have publicly released the datasets"	IPM	
A Deep Look into neural ranking models for information retrieval	We introduce some typical IR tasks addressed by neural ranking models and discuss major characteristics and challenges.	IPM	
A Deep Look into neural ranking models for information retrieval	"We introduce a unified formulation over neural ranking models, and review existing models based on this formulation."	IPM	
A Deep Look into neural ranking models for information retrieval	We survey published empirical results on the ad-hoc retrieval and QA tasks to conduct a comprehensive comparison.	IPM	
A Deep Look into neural ranking models for information retrieval	We discuss several trending topics that are important or might be promising in the future.	IPM	
HoAFM: A High-order Attentive Factorization Machine for CTR Prediction	We proposed a new model named HoAFM to encode high-order feature interactions into feature representations in an explicit and efficient manner.	IPM	
HoAFM: A High-order Attentive Factorization Machine for CTR Prediction	We highlight the varying importance of interactions via two bit-wise attention mechanism.	IPM	
HoAFM: A High-order Attentive Factorization Machine for CTR Prediction	We perform extensive experiments on two datasets to verify the effectiveness of HoAFM for CTR prediction. We have released the code to facilitate further development on high-order feature interactions modeling	IPM	
A Contextual Recurrent Collaborative Filtering framework for modelling sequences of venue checkins	We propose the CRCF - the Contextual Recurrent Collaborative Filtering framework - which leverages users’ preferred context and the contextual information associated with the users’ sequence of checkins to model the users’ short-term preferences using a GRU-based RNN component.	IPM	
A Contextual Recurrent Collaborative Filtering framework for modelling sequences of venue checkins	CRCF integrates the state-of-the-art Contextual Recurrent Architecture (CARA) to effectively capture the users’ short-term preferences from their sequence of checkins by incorporating the contextual information associated with their successive checkins.	IPM	
A Contextual Recurrent Collaborative Filtering framework for modelling sequences of venue checkins	We show that high quality venue recommendations for both normal and cold-start users can be generated by the proposed CRCF model.	IPM	
A Contextual Recurrent Collaborative Filtering framework for modelling sequences of venue checkins	We show that sequential geo-based negative sampling approach can improve the effectiveness and robustness of a state-of-the-art neural-network based venue recommendation approach.	IPM	
Deep ranking based cost-sensitive multi-label learning for distant supervision relation extraction	"We propose to leverage class ties to enhance relation extraction. Combined with CNN, an effective deep ranking based multi-label learning model with regularization technique is introduced to exploit class ties."	IPM	
Deep ranking based cost-sensitive multi-label learning for distant supervision relation extraction	We adopt the cost-sensitive learning to relieve the class imbalance problem and experimental results show the effectiveness of our method.	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	We propose an Attentive Recurrent Neural Network (Ante-RNN) for the dynamic explainable recommendation which could provide multi-model explanations according to the user dynamic preference. 	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	"In order to alleviate the issues caused by the monotonic assumption of RNN, a hybrid attention mechanism is developed to capture the user’s long-term dynamic interest over different topics and strengthen the short-term interest simultaneously. "	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	"To the best of our knowledge, it is the first time to jointly explore multi-modal and adaptive explanations in a unified framework for the personalized recommendation."	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	"More importantly, our proposed dynamic contextual attention scheme incorporates diverse temporal factors of the user’s clicking sequence of items (e.g. time interval and the time of week) to further improve the recommendation performance."	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	"We analyze and study a variety of fusion strategies for mutual association learning across modalities, and find that the attention-based fusion robustly achieves the best results."	IPM	
Dynamic attention-based explainable recommendation with textual and visual fusion	We conduct extensive experiments on two real large-scale datasets. The results show that Ante-RNN outperforms state-of-the-art baselines in terms of Recall and NDCG on both datasets.	IPM	
Large-scale instance-level image retrieval	We propose a novel approach to tackle large-scale image retrieval on deep-learned image descriptors by transforming the vectorial descriptors into surrogate text encodings.	IPM	
Large-scale instance-level image retrieval	This transformation is based on a scalar quantization approach that is specifically designed to generate text suitable for scalable indexing in secondary memory.	IPM	
Large-scale instance-level image retrieval	"Our approach allows us to conveniently reuse mature and scalable full-text search engine technology (e.g. Elasticsearch, Apache Lucene) for retrieving images on a large scale without the need for dedicated structures."	IPM	
Large-scale instance-level image retrieval	We compare our proposal to other works in a unified framework for representing surrogate text representation transformations.	IPM	
Large-scale instance-level image retrieval	"We performed an extensive experimental evaluation to assess the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposal, and compare it to other state-of-the-art vector-tailored indexing approaches."	IPM	
Focal elements of neural information retrieval models. An outlook through a reproducibility study	" a reproducibility study of two state-of-the-art supervised and unsupervised NeuIR models, where we present the issues we encountered during their reproducibility"	IPM	
Focal elements of neural information retrieval models. An outlook through a reproducibility study	"a performance comparison with other lexical, semantic and state-of-the-art models, showing that traditional lexical models are still highly competitive with DRMM and NVSM"	IPM	
Focal elements of neural information retrieval models. An outlook through a reproducibility study	"an application of DRMM and NVSM on collections from heterogeneous search domains and in different languages, which helped us to analyze the cases where DRMM and NVSM can be recommended"	IPM	
Focal elements of neural information retrieval models. An outlook through a reproducibility study	"an evaluation of the impact of varying word embedding models on DRMM, showing how relevance-based representations generally outperform semantic-based ones"	IPM	
Focal elements of neural information retrieval models. An outlook through a reproducibility study	"a topic-by-topic evaluation of the selected NeuIR approaches, comparing their performance to the well-known BM25 lexical model, where we perform an in-depth analysis of the different cases where DRMM and NVSM outperform the BM25 model or fail to do so. "	IPM	
Label consistent locally linear embedding based cross-modal hashing	A novel discrete supervised hashing method is proposed for cross-modal retrieval. 	IPM	
Label consistent locally linear embedding based cross-modal hashing	"We utilize semantic label to guide the hashing learning process and make full use of the supervised information. In this way, it maintains label consistency to ensure the effectiveness of hash code learning."	IPM	
Label consistent locally linear embedding based cross-modal hashing	We maintain non-linear manifold structure of data when learning hash codes to effectively construct the approximate relationship between neighbors. 	IPM	
Label consistent locally linear embedding based cross-modal hashing	 It captures the feature based similarity consistency of heterogeneous cross-modal data and enhances the discriminative capability of hash codes.	IPM	
Label consistent locally linear embedding based cross-modal hashing	"Instead of relaxing discrete constraints or learning the hash codes bit by bit, we generate the discrete binary codes directly by an iterative quantization method. Therefore, LCLCH can avoid large quantization error and make the optimization process more efficient."	IPM	
node2hash: Graph aware deep semantic text hashing	node2hash is the first semantic text hashing model that explicitly models document and their connections.	IPM	
node2hash: Graph aware deep semantic text hashing	node2hash is an unsupervised hashing method that combines the advantage of generative modeling and deep learning.	IPM	
node2hash: Graph aware deep semantic text hashing	"node2hash is applicable to datasets whose explicit connections are observed, and implicit one can be inferred."	IPM	
An image-text consistency driven multimodal sentiment analysis approach for social media	An approach like sentiment analysis is used and proposed a image - text consistency driven multimodal for social media	IPM	
An image-text consistency driven multimodal sentiment analysis approach for social media	the proposed approach explores the correlation between the image and the text  to effectively exploit the information from both visual content and textual content from image-text posts	IPM	
An image-text consistency driven multimodal sentiment analysis approach for social media	the proposed approach performs a multimodal adaptive sentiment analysis by incorporating the image-text correlation model into the conventional SentiBank framework.	IPM	
Fuzzy topic modeling approach for text mining over short text	introduced a fuzzy topic modeling approach for text mining over short text documents. 	IPM	
Fuzzy topic modeling approach for text mining over short text	a novel fuzzy topic modeling (FTM) approach is presented to ameliorate the sparsity problem from short text documents	IPM	
Fuzzy topic modeling approach for text mining over short text	FTM approach is proposed using the fuzzy perspective for discovering the hidden features from short text data.	IPM	
Multi-label Arabic text categorization: A benchmark and baseline comparison of multi-label learning algorithms	"This paper presents a benchmark namely “RTAnews”, of multi-label Arabic texts for text categorization. The benchmark, namely “RTAnews” "	IPM	
Multi-label Arabic text categorization: A benchmark and baseline comparison of multi-label learning algorithms	introduced an extensive comparison of the multi-label learning methods for Arabic text categorization using RTAnews.	IPM	
SRL-ESA-TextSum: A text summarization approach based on semantic role labeling and explicit semantic analysis	proposed a weighted semantic graph where each sentence is modeled as a multi-node vertex containing the Wikipedia concepts of its semantic arguments.	IPM	
SRL-ESA-TextSum: A text summarization approach based on semantic role labeling and explicit semantic analysis	implemented a single & multi-document summariser using the weighted semantic graph representation.	IPM	
SRL-ESA-TextSum: A text summarization approach based on semantic role labeling and explicit semantic analysis	evaluated the summarization system using the standard publicly available dataset from Document Understanding Conference 2002 (DUC 2002).	IPM	
Supervised Hebb rule based feature selection for text classification	propose a new feature selection method HRFS based on Hebb rule. The proposed method is demonstrated effective to select discriminative terms.	IPM	
Supervised Hebb rule based feature selection for text classification	proposed method is also efficient because it can be described in the view of matrix operation to decrease complexity of feature selection.	IPM	
Online visibility of software-related web sites: The case of biomedical text mining tools	The main contribution of the proposed methodology is to enable the comprehensive evaluation of online contents and the alignment of these contents with supporting literature.	IPM	
Online visibility of software-related web sites: The case of biomedical text mining tools	The novel method is used to evaluate the online visibility of biomedical text mining tools.	IPM	
Deep learning-based sentiment classification of evaluative text based on Multi-feature fusion	"Proposed a novel deep-learning-based method in which a unified feature set which is representative of word embedding, sentiment knowledge, sentiment shifter rules,
 statistical and linguistic knowledge, has not been thoroughly studied for a sentiment analysis."	IPM	
Deep learning-based sentiment classification of evaluative text based on Multi-feature fusion	"integrated multiple strategies to handle: types of sentences, contextual polarity, word sense variations,  sentiment shifter rules, integration of sentiment information and word embeddings, sentiment score calculation,  word order information and semantic relationships between words, which enable our method to achieve superior performance."	IPM	
Deep learning-based sentiment classification of evaluative text based on Multi-feature fusion	"A hybrid vector is constructed for the representation of each sentence using the sentiment-based, word embedding-based, statistical and linguistic knowledge-based feature vectors."	IPM	
Deep learning-based sentiment classification of evaluative text based on Multi-feature fusion	"The method integrates several sentiment lexicons in order to tackle the word coverage limit. On the other hand, various sentiment dictionaries complement each other."	IPM	
Implicit dimension identification in user-generated text with LSTM networks	"studied two cases of implicit dimensions identification, where there is no precise agreement on the classified subjects inside the intended narrative."	IPM	
Implicit dimension identification in user-generated text with LSTM networks	"showed how unlabeled data, which is typically more available in classification tasks than labeled data, can be effectively utilized to enhance performance in the text classification domain"	IPM	
Implicit dimension identification in user-generated text with LSTM networks	showed how unlabeled pre-trained word embeddings can be used to improve classification accuracy combined with LSTM models.	IPM	
Query-oriented text summarization based on hypergraph transversals	a new topic model extracting groups of semantically related terms based on a semantic clustering of terms	IPM	
Query-oriented text summarization based on hypergraph transversals	"a natural hypergraph model representing nodes as sentences and each hyperedge as a theme, namely a group of sentences sharing a topic"	IPM	
Query-oriented text summarization based on hypergraph transversals	two scalable sentence selection algorithms based on the theory of hypergraph transversals for the extraction of a subset of jointly relevant sentences.	IPM	
Influence of social conversational features on language identification in highly multilingual online conversations	analyzed the characteristics of various social conversational features by exploiting language usage patterns.	IPM	
Influence of social conversational features on language identification in highly multilingual online conversations	proposed various methods of text refinement suitable for language identification	IPM	
Influence of social conversational features on language identification in highly multilingual online conversations	the effects of the proposed refinement methods are investigated using various sentence level language identification frameworks.	IPM	
Crime base: Towards building a knowledge base for crime entities and their relationships from online news papers	"proposed Crime Base, an entity relationship based system to extract and integrate crime related text and image data from online newspapers with a focus towards reducing duplicity and
 loss of information in the knowledge base."	IPM	
Crime base: Towards building a knowledge base for crime entities and their relationships from online news papers	The proposed system also presents an integrated view of these entities and their relations in the form of a knowledge base using OWL.	IPM	
Crime base: Towards building a knowledge base for crime entities and their relationships from online news papers	Effective named entity recognition using rule-based approach.	IPM	
Crime base: Towards building a knowledge base for crime entities and their relationships from online news papers	Development of a crime knowledge base using ontology representation model.	IPM	
A survey on evaluation of summarization methods	provided a comprehensive overview of existing metrics for summary evaluation and discussed several limitations of existing frameworks for summary evaluation.	IPM	
A survey on evaluation of summarization methods	introduced an automatic framework for the evaluation of metrics that does not require any human annotation	IPM	
A survey on evaluation of summarization methods	evaluated the existing assessment metrics on a Wikipedia data set and a collection of scientific articles using this framework.	IPM	
Modeling the usefulness of search results as measured by information use	"developed a usefulness model as indicated by information use in the context of essay writing, parameterized by query and click variables."	IPM	
Modeling the usefulness of search results as measured by information use	"showed that for the task in question, the number of clicks is by far the strongest predictor of result usefulness while increasing dwell time predicts decreasing usefulness
 and we reconcile the latter finding with contradictory results from the literature."	IPM	
Modeling the usefulness of search results as measured by information use	showed that the simpler Reuse Events model has a greater explanatory power compared to the Reuse Amount model based on the number of words obtained from search results for an essay.	IPM	
Modeling the usefulness of search results as measured by information use	"proposed a new measure of search result usefulness, based on the contribution of a search result as a source to the text representing a task."	IPM	
Integrating character networks for extracting narratives from multimodal data	"study aims to integrate diverse data within narrative multimedia (i.e., artworks containing stories and distributed through multimedia) into a unified character network 
(i.e., a social network between characters that appear in the story)."	IPM	
Integrating character networks for extracting narratives from multimodal data	attempted to enhance the accuracy and semantic richness of existing character networks that confine themselves to a particular data source. 	IPM	
Integrating character networks for extracting narratives from multimodal data	proposed story synchronization for (i) improving the accuracy of data extracted from the narrative multimedia and (ii) integrating the data into the unified character network.	IPM	
Integrating character networks for extracting narratives from multimodal data	"verified the efficacy of the proposed methods using movies in the real world, which are among the most accessible and popular narrative multimedia."	IPM	
Textual keyword extraction and summarization: State-of-the-art	reviewed research problems related to automatic keyword extraction and text summarization.	IPM	
Textual keyword extraction and summarization: State-of-the-art	used  both supervised and unsupervised methods in order to identify keywords from emails.	IPM	
Textual keyword extraction and summarization: State-of-the-art	"Results are compared with other AKE systems including KEA, SZTERGAK, SingleRank and ExpandRank."	IPM	
Irony detection via sentiment-based transfer learning	proposed three novel methods for attention-based models to incorporate sentiment features instead of feature-vector concatenation.	IPM	
Irony detection via sentiment-based transfer learning	Learning deep features on sentiment tweets corpora and transferring them into the attention-based neural model is the most effective way to detect both explicit and implicit context incongruity.	IPM	
Irony detection via sentiment-based transfer learning	contrasted the human-labeled and hashtag-labeled datasets for evaluation of irony detection models.	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we define an action command ontology for the humanoid robot NAO containing all the physical movements that NAO can perform, all its body parts and all related words and synonyms;"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we develop an NLP engine to extract from natural language sentences actions to be mapped in the defined ontology and that the robot will perform;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we define the concept of incompatibility among the actions of the robot and give the definition of the robot state;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we introduce two modes for NAO to operate, STATELESS and STATEFUL. When in STATEFUL mode, NAO performs a recognized action if and only if this is compatible with NAO’s current state"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we provide new directions for the interaction between the user and a humanoid robot: the user will have to learn the incompatibilities of the robot postures when in STATEFUL mode if he/she wants the robot to perform any action command and the robot has available all the natural language commands given by the user for future forecasting of missing terms	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we run the NLP engine on cloud computing resources and a software layer on the NAO robot which is responsible to interact with the user and communicate with the NLP engine;	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we made publicly available the developed ontology, the NLP engine, and the developed software for the community;"	IPM	
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we carried out a performance evaluation on five subjects in order to test our approach and identifying potential weakness of the system that we can improve as future development.	IPM	
Content-based characterization of online social communities	"In this paper, we explore a different direction, and propose a content-based approach to community detection."	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	This work introduces a new task that addresses lifelog mining on the real world social media data.	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	We propose a comprehensive system for the extraction. Related subtasks in the extraction workflow are formulated and modeled with a multimodal joint learning approach. Experimental results show promising performances are achieved in all the subtasks.	IPM	
Multimodal joint learning for personal knowledge base construction from Twitter-based lifelogs	"We demonstrate how to construct a personal knowledge base for general life events, providing complementary information for recall and retrieval."	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	our main contribution is to unfold their tremendous benefit in improving the precision of novel sense detection.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	one of our contributions as well which will help the community to move further in this otherwise difficult task.	IPM	
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Gold standard dataset prepared by us for this task are made publicly available.	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We tackle the challenge of query suggestion in a novel way by proposing an Attention-based Hierarchical Neural Query Suggestion model, i.e., AHNQS, which adopts a hierarchical structure containing a user attention mechanism to better capture the user’s search intent."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We analyse the impact of session length on query suggestion performance and find that AHNQS consistently yields the best performance, especially with short search contexts."	IPM	
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We examine the performance of AHNQS with different numbers of users’ sessions. We find that AHNQS always yields better performance over the best baseline model, especially for users with few search sessions."	IPM	
On Black Wikipedians: Motivations behind content contribution	Black Wikipedians’ perceived social presence is a strong but an indirect factor on content contribution.	IPM	
On Black Wikipedians: Motivations behind content contribution	"In contrast to previous studies, entertainment does not significantly motivate Black Wikipedians’ content contribution."	IPM	
Conceptualising misinformation in the context of asylum seekers	Asylum seekers regularly encounter many different types of misinformation.	IPM	
Conceptualising misinformation in the context of asylum seekers	"Information must be studied as a nuanced concept (accurate, mis- and disinformation)."	IPM	
Conceptualising misinformation in the context of asylum seekers	Social and cultural factors influence how the accuracy of information is perceived.	IPM	
Conceptualising misinformation in the context of asylum seekers	Studying vulnerable groups’ information perception is important.	IPM	
Conceptualising misinformation in the context of asylum seekers	Receiver perception should be compared to normative views of misinformation.	IPM	
Immigrating after 60: Information experiences of older Chinese migrants to Australia and Canada	Reporting on a qualitative study with 16 Chinese older adults who were recent immigrants to Australia and Canada	IPM	
Immigrating after 60: Information experiences of older Chinese migrants to Australia and Canada	Migrating late in life presents some unique characteristics and challenges.	IPM	
Immigrating after 60: Information experiences of older Chinese migrants to Australia and Canada	We extend the translocal meaning making framework by assessing whether social imaginaries can be shared across contexts.	IPM	
Immigrating after 60: Information experiences of older Chinese migrants to Australia and Canada	"Findings include daily rituals and coping mechanisms of the late-life migrants, and associated information activities."	IPM	
Immigrating after 60: Information experiences of older Chinese migrants to Australia and Canada	We draw implications for understanding this under-studied migrant population and designing information support for them.	IPM	
Evaluating the use of interactive virtual reality technology with older adults living in residential aged care	Virtual reality in aged care engages residents who might otherwise self-isolate.	IPM	
Evaluating the use of interactive virtual reality technology with older adults living in residential aged care	Residents enjoyed the richer interactions and variety offered by virtual reality.	IPM	
Evaluating the use of interactive virtual reality technology with older adults living in residential aged care	Results suggest residents with dementia may react adversely to head mounted displays.	IPM	
Vulnerable community identification using hate speech detection on social media	Our proposed approach investigates the application of hate speech detection approach to vulnerable community identification.	IPM	
Vulnerable community identification using hate speech detection on social media	"We successfully identify a potentially vulnerable community in terms of hatred on social media, by using the example of Amharic text data on Facebook."	IPM	
Vulnerable community identification using hate speech detection on social media	"We collected and annotated Amharic data for the task of hate speech detection, aligned  wiith multicultural societies like euthopia"	IPM	
Vulnerable community identification using hate speech detection on social media	We utilize Apache Spark distributed platform for data pre-processing and feature extraction since social media data is very noisy and large that needs efficient tools to facilitate efficient processing.	IPM	
Information behavior and ICT use of Latina immigrants to the U.S. Midwest	Latina immigrants to the U.S. Midwest have at least three intersectional identities.	IPM	
Information behavior and ICT use of Latina immigrants to the U.S. Midwest	ICTs support information seeking and use along with connectedness.	IPM	
Information behavior and ICT use of Latina immigrants to the U.S. Midwest	"Digital inclusion efforts must account for language, family and gender roles."	IPM	
