Articles	Contributions	Source	Labels
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	"Extend and evaluate existing text‐mining techniques to retrieve age, gender, and narrative from OSG text."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	Design and develop a layer for extraction of knowledge from OSGs by integrating the above techniques with domain ontologies.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Text Mining for Personalized Knowledge Extraction From Online Support Groups	"Evaluate relevance, reliability, and demonstrate the usefulness of the knowledge extraction layer using an active OSG containing 800,000 posts by 72,066 participants."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking"	"A novel semantic interpretable framework is proposed, which can reveal the key factors in certain image ranking tasks; "	JASIST	Model Construction
"PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking"	"with the attribute based representation and supervised constrained clustering methods, we can reduce the dimensions of both the feature space and searching space significantly, and hence obtain a fast solution to the fine‐grained image ranking problem; "	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"PSI: A probabilistic semantic interpretable framework for fine‐grained image ranking"	"combining multiple local rankers via the proposed probabilistic framework helps our solution overcome the disadvantages of global and local models, and achieve the state‐of‐the‐art performance on the benchmark for fine‐grained image ranking problem."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Identifying reader characteristics.	JASIST	Resources
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Illustrating the relationships between factors.	JASIST	Resources
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Having the flexibility to build in different types of factors.	JASIST	Resources
Towards a new sociological model of fiction reading	Enabling the further exploration of interactions between these factors.	JASIST	Resources
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	we enrich scientific literature on the generative role of the sociotechnical architecture for combinatorial processes in collective user‐driven design.	JASIST	Resources
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	we enrich the literature on collective design and knowledge reuse	JASIST	Resources
Transparency as design choice of open data contests	This article guides practitioners in preparing and implementing an open data contest from an organizational and technical view	JASIST	Dataset Creation
If these crawls could talk: Studying and documenting web archives provenance	The article contributes a systematic approach to empirical work that captures choices in context 	JASIST	Resources
If these crawls could talk: Studying and documenting web archives provenance	 facilitates the study of the impact of specific technical system on curatorial choices.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Retrieving people: Identifying potential answerers in Community Question‐Answering	"Empirical: Analyzing the characteristics of CQA sites: We present a large‐scale analysis of two popular CQA sites—Yahoo! Answers and Stack Overflow—to observe their similarities and differences. Yahoo! Answers is a general purpose CQA site, whereas Stack Overflow is a focused CQA revolving around programming‐related content."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Retrieving people: Identifying potential answerers in Community Question‐Answering	Theoretical: Proposing an efficient algorithm to find potential answerers: We propose a new method to find potential answerers in CQA.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Introducing diffusion‐of‐innovations theory as a tool for analyzing the dynamic process of citation;	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Exploring how diffusion patterns influence scientific impact; and	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Innovation or imitation: The diffusion of citations	Providing a simple method for roughly estimating a article's present status and potential in garnering scientific impact.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
MF‐Re‐Rank: A modality feature‐based Re‐Ranking model for medical image retrieval	the findings reveal that modality features are crucial information for medical image retrieval.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A fuzzy clustering‐based denoising model for evaluating uncertainty in collaborative filtering recommender systems	determining the proportion of potentially noisy ratings by empirically categorizing the entropy and evaluation metrics   	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A fuzzy clustering‐based denoising model for evaluating uncertainty in collaborative filtering recommender systems	detecting the natural noise by grouping the behaviors of users into several clusters	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Identifying bacterial biotope entities using sequence labeling: Performance and feature analysis	The comparison of different machine learning methods provides insights on model selection for bacterial and potentially other biotope entity recognition tasks. 	JASIST	Model Optimization
Identifying bacterial biotope entities using sequence labeling: Performance and feature analysis	"The investigation on the performance impact of different features separates robust features from others, reveals rather dramatic effects of some features on certain methods, and sheds lights on the relative usefulness of word clusters built from task‐specific versus more general corpus using a traditional clustering method vs. a newer word embedding approach. "	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Modeling citation dynamics of “atypical” articles	we contribute a modeling framework for the analysis of atypical citation patterns in articles	JASIST	Model Construction
"Adaptation, translation, and validation of information literacy assessment instrument"	The current research has contributed to the field of measurement.	JASIST	Resources
"Adaptation, translation, and validation of information literacy assessment instrument"	The present study has demonstrated that the adapted and translated TRAILS can be used as a valid and reliable instrument for secondary school students’ information literacy assessment. 	JASIST	Applications
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that studies page depth‐level dwell time prediction. We define a new problem in viewability prediction in order to build new ad pricing standards."	JASIST	Resources
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	"We are the first to propose predictive models based on FM and FFM to solve this new problem, and we show that our proposed models outperform other comparison methods."	JASIST	Model Construction
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	 We demonstrate that adding time series information can further improve the model performance. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Predictive models and analysis for webpage depth‐level dwell time	We also present the analysis of feature combinations and provide insights on publishers' ad business strategies.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	"We propose an intrinsic IC‐based information theoretic SS calculator for measuring the SS between two concepts of an ontology. To build our similarity model, we use our proposed DCS. "	JASIST	Model Construction
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	We also propose an algorithm for finding the members of DCS. The accuracy of the proposed SS calculator is assessed thoroughly using a variety of benchmark data sets.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An intrinsic information content‐based semantic similarity measure considering the disjoint common subsumers of concepts of an ontology	"We also bring three different ontologies, namely, WordNet,1 SNOMED‐CT,2 and MeSH (Hliaoutakis, 2005) from different domains under one umbrella to evaluate our proposed SS calculation model as well as state‐of‐the‐art models."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	How do researchers use RIMSs? For what activities do researchers use online RIMSs?	JASIST	Resources
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	"What are the relationships among those activities, researchers' characteristics, and the extent of researchers' RIMS use?"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Researchers' uses of and disincentives for sharing their research identity information in research information management systems	What are researchers' reasons for not having a public RIMS profile?	JASIST	Resources
The impact of classification systems in the evaluation of the research performance of the Leiden Ranking universities	"comparing the consequences for the ranking of the 500 universities in the 2013 edition of the Leiden Ranking in two cases: (i) using a WoS journal‐level classification system with 236 categories versus the G8 publication‐level system based on the Waltman and Van Eck (2012) approach with 5,119 clusters, and (ii) using the G6 publication‐level system with 1,363 clusters versus the G8 system of the same family."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Information triangulation: A complex and agentic everyday information practice	"This paper examines the emergent concept of information triangulation in everyday life, using data from the young parent study"	JASIST	Resources
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	"we hypothesize that user geolocation will be improved by discriminating among different types of highly‐mentioned users (celebrities). To this end, we propose a clustering‐based approach to categorize celebrities into Local and Global types based on social network information"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	"we demonstrate that Local celebrities are good location predictors for their ego networks (i.e., the part of network directly connected to them) whereas the Global celebrities have adverse effects on geolocation inference. We use a label propagation algorithm to propose a network‐based approach in which the underlying network is based on filtering celebrities, and show that it outperforms the state‐of‐the‐art network‐based approaches over three standard Twitter data sets"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Twitter user geolocation by filtering of highly mentioned users	we demonstrate that combining a text‐based back‐off strategy and the proposed network‐based approach achieves better results than other geolocation inference methods.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	this study is the first to integrate online communities in the study of healthcare gaps between urban and rural areas in China.	JASIST	Resources
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	" our work proves the social value of online communities, which further enriches research on the value creation of online communities. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The role of online communities in reducing urban–rural health disparities in China	" ERGM, which is used as an empirical approach, is an extraordinarily advanced method for analyzing complex networks and overcoming the main limitation of traditional analytical tools."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	How does SNS use affect users' psychological well‐being?	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	"identify which variables have been used to measure the use of SNSs and users' psychological well‐being,"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Impacts of the use of social network sites on users' psychological well‐being: A systematic review	"What SNS platforms have been studied, and (iv) what research methods and theories were used in the reviewed studies."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Defining textual entailment	 exposing the shortcomings of the definitions offered by Dagan and collaborators	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Defining textual entailment	articulating an improved definition that avoids these shortcomings	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Defining textual entailment	defending our preferred definition against a range of objections.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	 the findings specify the nature of information‐seeking process by identifying two fundamental aspects making such processes intelligible	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	the study demonstrated that the above aspects have been conceptualized differently from the stage‐based and cyclic viewpoints.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Information‐Seeking Processes as Temporal Developments: Comparison of Stage‐based and Cyclic Approaches
Reijo Savolainen"	"the findings highlight that cyclic models emphasizing the importance of feedback loops have gained more popularity, whereas the interest in the development of stage‐based approaches has decreased since the 1990s"	JASIST	Model Optimization
Managing Hypervisibility in the HIV Prevention Information‐Seeking Practices of Black Female College Students	 Our findings contribute to human information behavior scholarship on marginalized groups.	JASIST	Resources
Managing Hypervisibility in the HIV Prevention Information‐Seeking Practices of Black Female College Students	study contributes to understanding how Black women adopt self‐protective behaviors to avoid stigma in the context of HIV prevention information seeking.	JASIST	Resources
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	This research contributes to the understanding of humanities scholars' research practices that consist of new and old techniques and unique and ubiquitous tools. 	JASIST	Resources
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	This research contributes to our understanding of what it means to be a humanities scholar working in the digital age.	JASIST	Resources
Information technology and the humanities scholar: Documenting digital research practices	this research contributes to the recognition of the split between scholars who use tools to general visual outputs that provide new insights into texts and those who use tools to generate numeric outputs for further quantitative analysis. 	JASIST	Resources
A new approach to web co‐link analysis	the contribution of the study is to propose and test the feasibility of the new approach which has the potential of reviving co‐link analysis by mitigating the problem of the lack of co‐link data in recent years.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
On the differences between citations and altmetrics: An investigation of factors driving altmetrics versus citations for finnish articles	"The findings from this study can contribute to the continued development of theoretical models and methodological developments associated with capturing, interpreting, and understanding altmetric events."	JASIST	Resources
Which domains do open‐access journals do best in? A 5‐year longitudinal study	This study also makes a novel contribution by revealing the dynamic characteristics of open‐access journals with respect to their scientific impact.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Art in an algorithm: A taxonomy for describing video game visual styles	This study presents a taxonomy of video game visual styles constructed from the findings of a 22‐participant cataloging user study of visual styles.	JASIST	Dataset Creation 
A twitter case study for assessing digital sound	"contribute to the understanding of a text analysis approach to the study of references to sound recordings, and by extension, to other arts and humanities outputs. "	JASIST	Resources
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	 our study demonstrates that shared leadership helps to determine whether trust translates into more satisfaction	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	"our findings show that shared leadership, unlike trust, is not related to autonomy, but, similar to trust, autonomy is positively related to satisfaction when shared leadership is low."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Are you satisfied yet? Shared leadership, individual trust, autonomy, and satisfaction in virtual teams"	this study identifies the theoretical linkage between shared leadership and the performance of virtual teams.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Improved topic representation. We used an English lexical database, WordNet, along with the set of hashtags that exists in the corpus, to improve the set of keywords representing every topic by emphasizing the importance of distinctive terms in the distribution of every topic over the vocabulary of terms. Experimental results suggest that our method provides the user with better sets of keywords to represent each topic than does Twitter‐LDA, and it improves the user's interpretation of the detected topics."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Customized taxonomy for a specific domain. Our proposed approach can be used to dynamically build a customized taxonomy for a specific domain. To illustrate this capability, we chose fashion as the domain in this study. Specifically, we use the maximal frequent itemsets extracted from the corpus to dynamically build a customized version of WordNet that contains fashion‐related terms. The customized WordNet can be used in different text mining tasks."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	Adjustment of the number of detected topics. We propose a mechanism to automatically adjust the number of topics to be presented to the user by merging topics represented by similar sets of keywords into a single topic. Experimental results suggest that the coherence of the merged topics is better than the coherence of the original topics.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Improving interpretations of topic modeling in microblogs	"Exploring changes of fashion topics over time. To illustrate the capability of the proposed method, we evaluate the method by exploring the fashion topics and showing how they were covered over time and how specific users covered these topics by their tweets. Finally, we evaluate our method on two datasets collected from Twitter. The results obtained from the experiments show that our method is better than the original Twitter‐LDA in terms of perplexity and topic coherence and provides better results in terms of the quality of the detected topics."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	our focus on the special SNS discontinuance phenomenon—user exodus—contributes to the IT discontinuance literature. 	JASIST	Resources
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	our research offers a much more comprehensive view of users’ abandonment of SNS.	JASIST	Resources
Understanding the determinants and dynamic process of user exodus in social networking sites: Evidence from Kaixin001	"from a methodological perspective, this research adopted a mixed‐method approach combining laddering interview and network analysis."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
The Closer the Better: Similarity of Publication Pairs at Different Cocitation Levels	explore the implications of cocitations at different levels of granularity	JASIST	Applications
Measuring the diffusion of an innovation: A citation analysis	"These findings thus contribute to the literature on the dynamic phases found in innovation diffusion. Also, topic‐level studies are found to play a critical role in bringing more granular perspectives to the existing co‐occurrence‐based analyses"	JASIST	Resources
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A comprehensive analysis of our latent model performance. This analysis focused on comparison with representative baselines and on importance of components and features of our model. By comparing our model with best baseline in wikification using a sample of articles extracted from Wikipedia, we observed a gain up to 13% in the F1 score. Regarding the importance, we show that despite that the fact that the predictor based on link features (dyadic predictor) presents the best performance among the predictors, the combination of latent and dyadic predictors indicates they carry complementary information. Besides, we show which dyadic features contribute the most."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A study on the impact of ambiguous concepts on the proposed model. We observed a steady performance of the model independently from the degree of ambiguity of the concepts, even though no explicit disambiguation process is carried out. The same behavior was observed for the latent component, which suggests that the model naturally deals with ambiguity."	JASIST	Model Optimization
"A wikification prediction model based on the combination of latent, dyadic, and monadic features"	"A study on the impact of the quality of the training samples on the performance of the prediction. We observed that high quality training samples led to better results in terms of precision and overlinking. However, no relevant difference was observed between models trained with high‐quality and medium‐quality rated samples."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Collaborative exploratory search for information filtering and large‐scale information triage	"Our contribution is the hybrid strategy that we integrated into a real‐world setting, supported by qualitative results. Furthermore, this strategy is fully reproducible."	JASIST	Applications
Online consumer reviews and sales: Examining the chicken‐egg relationships	Our article contributes to the online review literature by adding the time factor and examines to what extent the prior findings hold	JASIST	Resources
Online consumer reviews and sales: Examining the chicken‐egg relationships	"Regarding research contributions, this study fills the gaps in the literature by contending the existence of a causality loop between online consumer reviews and sales. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	A set of text distortion techniques (two of them newly introduced) are applied to AA tasks. The proposed techniques significantly enhance the effectiveness of existing AA methods in challenging conditions.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"To the best of our knowledge, we systematically examine for the first time the most challenging case in AA, that is, cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution."	JASIST	Resources
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"We demonstrate how the proposed text distortion techniques can be appropriately tuned to handle cross‐topic, cross‐genre, or cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	"We show how the proposed text distortion techniques can be combined with two existing AA methods, an instance‐based approach and a profile‐based approach (Stamatatos, 2009)."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Masking topic‐related information to enhance authorship attribution	The differences between conversational and nonconversational genres are studied when performing cross‐topic or cross‐topic‐and‐genre attribution.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	the methodology for breaking down component effects and analyzing the GoPs across multiple evaluation measures;	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	"the GoPs themselves, a valuable resource that can also be exploited for other kinds of analyses and which is available to the research community.1 They also provide a very extensive sample of the most commonly used components for English retrieval;"	JASIST	Resources
Toward an anatomy of IR system component performances	"the application of the proposed methodology to two different search tasks: news search and web search, and their thorough analysis to derive insights on English retrieval."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"We propose to utilize the useful sequential correlations among the consecutive sentences to determine the authorial components and construct a two‐stage HMM called “SequentialUD” — Sequential Unsupervised Decomposition, to model the relationships between authorships and sentences."	JASIST	Model Construction
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"To further boost the performance of this approach, a boosted HMM learning procedure is proposed. The initial classification results obtained using the statistically learned and preliminary HMM are used to create a labeled training dataset to learn a more accurate HMM."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
SUDMAD: Sequential and unsupervised decomposition of a multi‐author document based on a hidden markov model	"Moreover, the contextual relationships among sentences are further utilized to refine the classification results and a refined version of the SequentialUD is proposed."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	We formally introduce the location‐aware targeted influence (LTIM) problem and propose efficient solutions to solve this problem.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	"To efficiently identify the targeted users and compute their preferences for given queries, we propose a TR‐tree index structure. By traversing the TR‐tree in depth‐first order, we can efficiently obtain the preferences of the targeted users."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	"We propose two efficient approximation algorithms with  approximation ratio, which can efficiently find seeds by pruning a large number of candidate seeds with small influences, and a fast heuristic algorithm for seeds selection by using users' discount local influences."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Location‐aware targeted influence maximization in social networks	We conduct a comprehensive performance evaluation on real‐world data sets. The experimental results show the effectiveness and efficiency of our proposed algorithms.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Identifying functional aspects from user reviews for functionality‐based mobile app recommendation	The proposed solution can be implemented as an effective real‐world app RS helping users to discover apps that meet their requirements	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	"First, we investigate the result retrieval and query suggestion mechanisms employed by the current web search engines to solve FNAQs. We show that, although these mechanisms improve the result quality of FNAQs, the problem is far from being completely solved. "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	" Second, we investigate an extreme case of FNAQs: queries for which no result can be retrieved by the search engine. We refer to such queries as no‐answer queries (NAQs) and make the first attempt to characterize such queries through a user study and a quantitative analysis."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"Characterizing, predicting, and handling web search queries that match very few or no results"	"Third, we build a machine‐learning model to predict the NAQs observed in a real‐life query log obtained from Yahoo! Web Search"	JASIST	Model Construction
Trustworthiness attribution: Inquiry into insider threat detection	 This article contributes a novel theoretical lens to examine dynamic insights on insider threat detection.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A bibliometric model for identifying emerging research topics	This analysis can also contribute to further examine whether the proposed criteria for identifying emerging topics are appropriate and generate meaningful results.	JASIST	Resources
An analysis of the validity of retraction annotation in pubmed and the web of science	The aim of this work was to analyze in detail database inconsistencies as a contributing factor to the completeness and accuracy of retractions as a data basis in the databases PubMed and the WoS. The multiple segments of my study systematically revealed from different angles problems of completeness and consistency in PubMed and the WoS.	JASIST	Dataset Creation 
Data set mentions and citations: A content analysis of full‐text publications	This paper provides a comprehensive understanding of how data sets are used in science and helps institutions and publishers make useful data policies.	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Metadata records machine translation combining multi‐engine outputs with limited parallel data	"It provided evidence and useful information about the performance of current MT technologies on metadata records, which is much needed by the digital library community in order to design and implement value‐added services, such as MLIA, for their digital collections. Especially, we found that MT strategies combining translation outputs from multiple low‐cost MT systems with a small, linguistically‐appropriate corpus could significantly improve translation performance."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Consumer valuation of personal information in the age of big data	This article contributes to a better understanding of a quantitative approach to pricing personal information.	JASIST	Resources
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"the different types of publications one author has written play different roles in his/her collaborations, where the more papers she/he has collaborated with others as non‐first‐authors, the more likely he/she will gain more collaboration, whereas people prefer not to coauthor with those who have produced similar numbers of single‐authored publications. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"The number of citations does not influence authors' collaboration preference, although sharing the same research interest or having the same gender is crucial for generating collaboration between two authors. An author's tendency to form new collaborations with her/his coauthors' collaborators is strong. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Understanding scientific collaboration: Homophily, transitivity, and preferential attachment"	"The more coauthors one author has, the more new collaborators he or she will attract."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	" we examine the factors influencing multichannel access to physicians in the online health communities. Whereas previous studies discussed user adoption, we extend them to multichannel access in the online health community and investigate the impacts of both social influence and patients' rating. "	JASIST	Resources
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	"Second, we introduce social influence research in the field of online health communities and extend existing research that focuses on the physician's basic factors and platform's characteristics. "	JASIST	Resources
Exploring the social influence of multichannel access in an online health community	"Third, we contribute to the social influence literature by demonstrating the intraorganizational competitive relationship, which is denoted by the negative moderating effect of social influence on the relationship between patients' rating and multichannel access to the physician in the online health communities."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"First, this study introduces a relatively comprehensive framework based on the knowledge power perspective. Although Internet search changes patients’ knowledge power (Lenert, 2009), our study analyzes its effect amidst other sources of knowledge power, including a physician's professional status, a patient's chronic conditions, and the execution of power through interaction quality. This framework suggests that the Internet search operates among other sources of knowledge powers to change the disparity. Overall, this framework can explain 37% of the variance in physician‐patient trust."	JASIST	Model Construction
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Second, this study provides a contingent view of the effect of Internet search on physician‐patient trust. This view differs from prior studies that either stressed the benefit of Internet search (Chen, 2015) or raised concerns (Sharma, Xu, Wickramasinghe, & Ahmed, 2006). We found the effect is contingent on the consistency between patients’ self‐diagnosis and physician's diagnosis. The effect is particularly strong when patients search more. This finding helps to reconcile prior single‐sided observations."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Third, this study compares the impact of Internet search and other knowledge sources. This study suggests that high‐touch is still a dominant factor in physician‐patient trust, whereas high‐tech plays a secondary role. A physician's explanation and feedback is still central to a patient's trust (Agius & Stangeland, 2016). Therefore, practitioners need not overreact to patients’ Internet search or regard it as a prominent challenge. On the other hand, this study confirms that physicians should not dismiss patients’ Internet search as trivial (Ahmad et al., 2006), especially when there is diagnosis inconsistency."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Internet usage and patient's trust in physician during diagnoses: A knowledge power perspective	"Fourth, this study contributes to the Information Science (IS) literature in the domain of medical information. The IS literature has recognized the empowering nature of the Internet for patients (Jacobson, 2007). Jacobson (2007, p. 6) concluded that “whether health information found on the Internet is empowering for patients appears to depend on patients’ personal use of the information they retrieve as well as on physicians’ responses to these patients.” However, patients’ and physicians’ treatment of online information was treated as a black box. This study opens the black box by explaining how online information plays a part in their possession of knowledge."	JASIST	Resources
Toward effective automated weighted subject indexing: A comparison of different approaches in different environments	The findings from this study contribute to more effective weighted subject indexing.	JASIST	Resources
"Understanding the “expanded notion” of videogames as archival objects: A review of priorities, methods, and conceptions"	"The study aims to examine the drivers and motivations, selection of content and materials, and methods of archiving suggested in the archiving literature regarding the preservation of videogames in a generic sense (Table 3) and—which is of primary interest in the present paper and its principal knowledge contribution—as products of culture and social activity"	JASIST	Resources
Information experience in personally meaningful activities	"In addition to conceptualizing personally meaningful information activities, this study contributes to information behavior theory more generally."	JASIST	Resources
"Materiality in information environments: Objects, spaces, and bodies in three outpatient hemodialysis facilities"	"This study demonstrates the sociomateriality of IEs, and that OSB play key roles at multiple sociomaterial layers of IEs. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	"updating PIM theories against the new technological background of ubiquitous self‐tracking technologies,"	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	"applying PIM concepts to understand how people interact with ATT, "	JASIST	Applications
Revisiting personal information management through information practices with activity tracking technology	providing methodological recommendations on using photo elicitation to enhance qualitative interviews in information behavior research.	JASIST	"New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"First, this study extends the previous information adoption models by considering the contingency effects of information type"	JASIST	Resources
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"Second, this study theorizes and empirically tests the bias effects of heuristic processing and unconscious processing and identifies the boundary conditions under which bias effects occur. Previous information adoption models focused on the independent effects of different cognitive processes: heuristic processing versus systematic processing; and conscious processing and unconscious processing."	JASIST	Model Optimization
"Bias effects, synergistic effects, and information contingency effects: Developing and testing an extended information adoption model in social Q&A"	"Third, this study reconciles the contradictory mechanisms of synergistic effects and identifies the boundary conditions under which different synergistic effects emerge."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The Things We Talk About When We Talk About Browsing: An Empirical Typology of Library Browsing Behavior	The major contribution of this article is a new typology of library browsing behavior based on recent observations of browsing behavior in libraries.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The Things We Talk About When We Talk About Browsing: An Empirical Typology of Library Browsing Behavior	 The secondary contribution is an understanding of the interface features that would support these types of information browsers in an online environment.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The processes of maker learning and information behavior in a technology‐rich high school class	"In IS and LIS, this study deepens the knowledge on the integral role of information when people engage in creative production and learning. The findings show the processes of IB integrated in self‐directed, creative learning."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The processes of maker learning and information behavior in a technology‐rich high school class	"The study contributes to the maker and the larger STEAM (Science, Technology, Engineering, Art, and Math) learning scholarship by (i) illuminating the process of making, (ii) providing evidence on making as a learning process, and (iii) suggesting information‐literacy as critical skills for successful maker learning."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Places in Information Science	Our key contribution in this article is to clarify the notion of place from the perspective of its representation in information systems	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Places in Information Science	"we go a step further than most previous work, and show how existing efforts to extract individual properties of places can be aligned with our model and, more important, how using this model allows us to derive a range of possible computations from place data."	JASIST	Model Construction
Opinion convergence versus polarization: examining opinion distributions in online word‐of‐mouth	"First, we contribute to the debate on opinion diversity (polarization) vs opinion convergence, by highlighting that opinion polarization and opinion convergence differ on different online platforms."	JASIST	Resources
Opinion convergence versus polarization: examining opinion distributions in online word‐of‐mouth	"Second, our research draws on impression management theory to explain when and why opinion polarization and opinion convergence tends to occur, showing the applicability of impression management theory in explaining consumers' behaviors online. In so doing, we contribute to the opinion dispersion literature by giving a glimpse into insights of why opinion dispersion might happen, and how online platforms might make a difference in influencing opinion dispersion"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The role of domain knowledge in document selection from search results	"By exploring the above‐described RQs, this research hopes to contribute to personalizing search results; for example, tailoring the rank and/or presentation of documents on the SERPs, based on users' DK levels. "	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
An Investigation of the Impact of Data Breach Severity on the Readability of Mandatory Data Breach Notification Letters: Evidence From U.S. Firms	The study contributes to the information studies and impression management behavior literatures by analyzing linguistic cues in notifications following a data breach incident.	JASIST	Resources
An Investigation of the Impact of Data Breach Severity on the Readability of Mandatory Data Breach Notification Letters: Evidence From U.S. Firms	"The article contributes to the information studies literature on detecting impression management, also referred to as self‐presentation, behavior of companies by analyzing linguistic cues in notification letters following a data breach incident."	JASIST	Resources
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	" First, our study extends current understanding on data‐sharing business models by analyzing key dimensions such as value proposition, value architecture, value network, and finance in the context of data sharing. "	JASIST	Resources
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	"Second, our study advances existing data and information‐sharing research by uncovering how value is created and transferred in data sharing."	JASIST	Resources
Identifying the business model dimensions of data sharing: A value‐based approach	" Third, previous research on data sharing and data preservation has focused on tangible assets and their costs. Our results show the importance of intangible assets when pursuing data sharing."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	A systematic study is presented that examines the usefulness of topic modeling when combined with author verification methods covering both instance‐based and profile‐based paradigms as well as both intrinsic and extrinsic paradigms. We focus on the two most well‐known topic modeling approaches: Latent Semantic Indexing (LSI) and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA) and examine their suitability for each author verification paradigm.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	It is demonstrated that topic modeling can considerably increase the effectiveness of author verification methods when an appropriate topic modeling technique is selected and is adequately fine‐tuned.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	We examine the effect of using either a limited set of documents or an enriched document collection to extract latent topics and it is demonstrated that the latter assists author verification methods to further increase their effectiveness.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	"We report experimental results on benchmark data sets developed during the relevant PAN‐2014 and PAN‐2015 shared tasks in author verification that are directly compared with state‐of‐the‐art methods under the same settings. The performance of the methods presented in this study is quite competitive to the best results reported so far for these data sets, demonstrating that topic modeling can be an efficient and effective alternative to more sophisticated methods (for example, based on representation learning, distributed document representation, or neural network language models (Bagnall, 2015; Ding et al., 2019)) for the author verification task."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Improving author verification based on topic modeling	"We examine the effect of genre of external documents when extrinsic author verification methods are combined with topic modeling techniques. It is demonstrated that verification models based on genre‐agnostic external documents are very competitive, but they are outperformed by models using external documents of the same genre with that of the questioned documents."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Does the web of science accurately represent chinese scientific performance?	This study indicated that disciplines in Natural Sciences including Medical Science and Engineering exhibited a much higher level of overlap than those in Social Sciences and Humanities.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Integrating neurophysiologic relevance feedback in intent modeling for information retrieval	We demonstrate an approach able to predict implicit relevance feedback from human‐brain measurements in a realistic search scenario.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Integrating neurophysiologic relevance feedback in intent modeling for information retrieval	We present a first‐of‐its‐kind interactive IR system that combines brain‐based feedback and eye tracking with scarce explicit feedback for improved relevance predictions.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Neuropsychological model of the realization of information need
Yashar Moshfeghi  Frank E. Pollick"	results add to our understanding of IN obtained from Moshfeghi et al. (2016) and contribute to a more holistic view of how IN is reflected in brain activity. 	JASIST	Resources
The relationships between health information behavior and neural processing in african americans with prehypertension	"Our findings further contribute to our understanding of the neurological mechanisms underlying information behavior and self‐management in general, and in a vulnerable population that has an increased risk for negative cardiovascular outcomes."	JASIST	Resources
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"We introduced the multiscale framework, which facilitates the approximation of geometric invariants in a finite metric space; we proved the rate of convergence for the discretization schemes; and we showed the equivalence of different discretizations."	JASIST	Model Construction
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"We found that geometric features from visual fixation sequences and EDA signals effectively predict user satisfaction, and the bootstrap analysis shows that the linear model fitted by the physiological features and behavioral features better explains query‐level user satisfaction than behavioral data alone."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Investigating the role of eye movements and physiological signals in search satisfaction prediction using geometric analysis	"Empirical studies suggest that these geometric invariants are robust across users (Table 7), tasks (Table 8), and various environmental stimuli."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We introduce an algorithm that combines sentiment analysis with SI to model two important aspects of financial behaviors: investor sentiment and mood diffusion. Under the direction of behavioral financial theory, SI is mainly used to simulate the diffusion of influential opinions and its effect on user moods across the social network. More important, SI can help to resolve the problem caused by the disparity in frequency between weibo data and Hushen‐300 time series data. The latter are collected at 5‐minute intervals, and there is not always sufficient weibo data in a given 5‐minute interval to infer a mood."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We incorporate GARCH with VAR regression (TM_STA) to detect correlation patterns between SI‐based Tencent moods and the Hushen‐300 indicator. This helps to verify that the proposed model can reflect investors' irrational behaviors in the stock market, and can help to explain unexplained fluctuations."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Analyzing stock market trends using social media user moods and social influence	"We use three typical financial behavior theories, the Sheep‐Flock effect (Scharfstein & Stein, 1990), Positive feedback effect (De Long, Andrei, Sumlners, & Waldmann, 1990; Hirshleifer, Subrahmanyam, & Titman, 2002) and Optimistic Expectation theory (Blandchard & Woston, 1982) to explain our findings based on the proposed methodology. New experiments have been added to help test the possibility that each of the above theories is having an impact."	JASIST	Resources
Let's Google: Uncertainty and bilingual search	"The current study contributes to knowledge of the digital user experience with a cross‐language search that may influence building digital resources with affordances for multilingual users.

"	JASIST	Resources
Let's Google: Uncertainty and bilingual search	"Another contribution to digital libraries is that the user experience was found to consist of a dynamic flow of affect, cognition, and actions. While experimental systems exist, user‐centered system design does not currently support ACS dynamics."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A novel method for topic linkages between scientific publications and patents	"A novel statistical entity‐topic model, armed with the collapsed Gibbs sampling inference algorithm, is proposed to detect the hidden topics respectively from the scientific publications and patents;"	JASIST	Model Construction
A novel method for topic linkages between scientific publications and patents	"In order to reduce the negative impact on topic similarity calculation from the different statements in the academic articles and patents, word tokens, and entity mentions are grouped by the Brown clustering method (Brown, deSouza, Mercer, Pietra, & Lai, 1992; Liang, 2005). And then topic linkages construction problem is transformed into the well‐known optimal transportation problem (Hillier & Lieberman, 1995; Rachev & Ruschendorf, 1998) after topic similarity is calculated on the basis of symmetrized Kullback–Leibler (KL) divergence. Finally, the experimental results and comparisons in different settings make clear that it is feasible to construct topic linkages between the scientific publications and patents mentioning many entities."	JASIST	Resources
Ideation as an Intellectual Information Acquisition and Use Context: Investigating Game Designers' Information‐Based Ideation Behavior	"Our main contribution is an expansion of “context” in HIB research to incorporate intellectual purpose as an important type of information acquisition and use context. Examining HIB at this broader contextual level can provide a more holistic understanding of information behavior and a more focused understanding in specific intellectual contexts (in this case, ideation‐focused behavior)"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	Development of multiobjective framework model based on evolutionary algorithm (EA) for community detection in SSNs considering both link density and the type of link information.	JASIST	Model Construction
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	Design of matrix representation of chromosome with appropriate crossover and mutation operators.	JASIST	Model Construction
Community Detection in Signed Social Networks Using Multiobjective Genetic Algorithm	"Consideration of three fundamental properties of a network as optimization criterias: Modularity, Frustration, Social Balance Factor"	JASIST	Model Construction
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	"To contribute to the study of Web user behavior based on clickstream data, and to provide more applicable link‐prioritization guidelines, this study endeavors to resolve the following problems: Which links should be included on the homepage? "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	 Which links should be removed from the homepage and added as secondary links? (c) How should useful links be arranged? Which should be put first and which should be put at the end of the page? 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	How should useful links be arranged? Which should be put first and which should be put at the end of the page? 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Click behavior and link prioritization: Multiple demand theory application for web improvement	 we contribute to the discussion of how to arrange the homepage links.	JASIST	Resources
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	"our main contribution is the proposal of a general‐purpose text document representation based on a graph‐to‐vector framework, that: allows encoding document local structural information; "	JASIST	Model Construction
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	 is at the same time effective and efficient; 	JASIST	Applications
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	 can be easily tailored to multiple usage scenarios.	JASIST	Applications
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	"our contributions focus on the feature engineering component of textual mining solutions. As we shall see, our model allows for the use of different graph‐based textual document representations that encode order, proximity, and other types of relationships among terms."	JASIST	Model Construction
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	A second contribution of this article relies on the instantiation of this generic framework for classification and retrieval applications.	JASIST	Applications
Bag of textual graphs (BoTG): A general graph‐based text representation model	" Finally, we introduce a new dissimilarity function, which is used to compute graph codebooks and to create bag‐based representations relying on the occurrence of “graph‐words” of the vocabulary."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
PaperPoles: Facilitating adaptive visual exploration of scientific publications by citation links	(i) We propose a visual analytics system for seamlessly creating and refining complex positive and negative queries and a visualization showing both an aspect overview and relevance patterns of search results;	JASIST	Model Construction
PaperPoles: Facilitating adaptive visual exploration of scientific publications by citation links	" (ii) We provide evidence that the visualization and interaction designed in the system can help searchers in exploratory search tasks, especially in complex tasks."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Automated language‐independent authorship verification (for Indo‐European languages)	"Methodology, which includes (i) the model of training examples, consisting of pairs of equal features of known and unknown documents, "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automated language‐independent authorship verification (for Indo‐European languages)	"and (ii) the method of authorship verification according to the procedure described in the Experimental Setup section.
Improved results of authorship verification based on our methodology, obtained by strict cross‐validation testing, both for particular languages and for the multilingual scenario."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An analysis of natural disaster‐related information‐seeking behavior using temporal stages	"First, we provide a detailed description of natural disaster‐related ISB of people who experienced a large‐scale earthquake and tsunami, based on analysis of written testimonies published by local authorities. This provided insight into the relationship between information needs, channels, and sources of disaster‐related ISB. Also, our approach facilitates the study of ISB of people without Internet access both during and after a disaster."	JASIST	Resources
An analysis of natural disaster‐related information‐seeking behavior using temporal stages	" Second, we provide empirical evidence to demonstrate that the temporal stages of a disaster can characterize people's ISB during the disaster."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
CLEU ‐ A Cross‐language english‐urdu corpus and benchmark for text reuse experiments	 we propose a cross‐language sentence/passage level text reuse corpus for the English‐Urdu language pair. 	JASIST	Dataset Creation
CLEU ‐ A Cross‐language english‐urdu corpus and benchmark for text reuse experiments	"we evaluate the Translation plus Mono‐lingual Analysis method using three sets of experiments on the proposed dataset to highlight its usefulness. Evaluation results (f1=0.732 binary, f1=0.552 ternary classification) indicate that it is harder to detect cross‐language real cases of text reuse, especially when the language pairs have unrelated scripts. "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Motivations for self‐archiving on an academic social networking site: A study on researchgate	this study contributes to and improves our understanding of researcher motivations with regard to scholarly communication in social networks. 	JASIST	Resources
Motivations for self‐archiving on an academic social networking site: A study on researchgate	"Moreover, the motivational framework proposed in this study can be implemented in future investigations of users' motivations for information sharing in various contexts."	JASIST	Applications
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"First, the use case illustrates that through the implementation of ontologies, organizations can maintain existing distributed data sources incorporating both structured and unstructured data sources, thereby providing a very real and tangible alternative to the need to pursue a strategy of both costly and time‐consuming migration to centralized data warehouses. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Second, our research empirically validates the approach using a survey instrument, an integrated model of technology assessment and user satisfaction, and a series of semistructured interviews."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	" Third, it extends the state of the art through illustrating the application of semantic technologies for financial services through the extension of bonds and equities in FIBO, extending FIBO to incorporate 62 extensions, encompassing a combination of classes and properties. These extensions are formally being adopted into a version of FIBO to be published in the near future. "	JASIST	Applications
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Finally, it contributes through extending and validating the power of inference engines for identifying and flagging data quality issues, thereby empirically validating their potential for addressing data quality issues."	JASIST	Applications
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	we contribute to the conceptualization of unpublished modules extracting and categorizing terms in a conceptual model. 	JASIST	Model Construction
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	We also contribute to the formalization of the unpublished modules by reducing ambiguity in existing and duplicated terms as well as implementing conceptually present relationships and hierarchies. 	JASIST	Applications
Distributed data and ontologies: An integrated semantic web architecture enabling more efficient data management	"Furthermore, we contribute to the manipulation stage of published modules by implementing and testing SPARQL queries over the modules."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Create synergies and inspire collaborations around the development of intelligent infrastructure for human‐centered communities	"By stimulating collaborations across intellectual domains, this work contributes to the development of a vibrant sociotechnical network of IIHCC innovations."	JASIST	Resources
Documentation and access to knowledge in online communities: Know your audience and write appropriately?	The study contributes with a dynamic perspective on communicative practices that consider an often‐uneven distribution of knowledge in virtual collaborations.	JASIST	Resources
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	"(i) We apply the graph‐based method for readability assessment, which can make use of the interrelationship among documents to estimate their readability."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	" (ii) We propose the coupled BoW model, which can be used to measure the similarity of documents on reading difficulty."	JASIST	Model Construction
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	 (iii) We propose a two‐view graph building strategy to make use of both the coupled BoW model and the linguistic features. 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
GRAW+: A two‐view graph propagation method with word coupling for readability assessment	"(iv) We propose a reinforced label propagation algorithm, which can make use of the ordinal relation among reading levels. Extensive experiments were carried out on data sets of both English and Chinese. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"First, the method described here can be adapted for any group of surnames, provided that group has identifiable morphological regularities. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"Second, the method aims to identify heritage, and not ethnicity. In fact, as we specify later, most studies that address the issue of ethnicity, which is a biological feature, actually mean heritage, which is a sociocultural trait. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Identifying author heritage using surname data: An application for Russian surnames	"Third, we outline areas of interest in science and innovation that would benefit from using this method: (a) research on scientific mobility, (b) the role of persons with a particular heritage in global networks and interactions, (c) research on the impact of heritage diversity on creativity and innovation, and (d) the influence of heritage on academic behavior and strategies."	JASIST	Applications
Do citation chimeras exist? The case of under‐cited influential articles suffering delayed recognition	Our investigation contributes to the classification of publications.	JASIST	Resources
Simplified Scheme of Search Task Difficulty Reasons	"Theoretically, it provides a method to simplify a comprehensive scheme. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Simplified Scheme of Search Task Difficulty Reasons	"Practically, the quite concise eight‐item scheme provides a basis for predicting task difficulty reasons from observable search behaviors, which furthermore builds the basis for the system to offer corresponding assistance targeted specifically at reducing difficulties caused by the predicted difficulty reasons."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Personalization of knowledge, personal knowledge ecology, and digital nomadism"	"First, it develops key conceptual constructs of KM relative to the emerging sociotechnical dynamics of independent workers."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Personalization of knowledge, personal knowledge ecology, and digital nomadism"	"The second contribution advances social informatics research using an ecological perspective, which builds from Gibson's (1979) seminal work as well as the 30+ year stream of scholarship that followed (Bødker & Klokmose, 2012; Davison et al., 2013; e.g., Jung, Stolterman, Ryan, Thompson, & Siegel, 2008). "	JASIST	Resources
Assembling narratives: Tensions in collaborative construction of knowledge	"First, by focusing the investigative probe on the areas of tension in situated heterogeneous scientific collaboration, it creates a typology of tensions."	JASIST	Resources
Assembling narratives: Tensions in collaborative construction of knowledge	 Second contribution of this study is the conceptualization of the outcome of scientific work as epistemic narratives and treating them as sociotechnical assemblages.	JASIST	Resources
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"First, the four forms of knowledge embodiment are useful for further research on the topic"	JASIST	Resources
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Second, this study shows that the social informatics perspective is invaluable to our understanding of AI technology."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Third, this study contributes to the social informatics perspective and extends prior findings (Sawyer, 2005) by identifying that advanced technology like AI robotic systems can go beyond being a tool used by humans to become a more active, autonomous social actor."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Artificial intelligence in healthcare robots: A social informatics study of knowledge embodiment	"Fourth, our findings indicate new research questions for information science researchers."	JASIST	Resources
Uncovering unintended and shadow practices of users of decision support system dashboards in higher education institutions	"One contribution that has emerged from this research is the concept of “shadow practices,” a useful way to understand how people in complex organizations engage with technologies in institutional and local networks. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Uncovering unintended and shadow practices of users of decision support system dashboards in higher education institutions	this study advances SI knowledge in two ways and advances current SI work that explores the complexity and nuances of the practices of social actors 	JASIST	Resources
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	the online knowledge space represents an important venue for practitioners to harness the wisdom of the crowd.	JASIST	Resources
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	 this study also provides some diagnostic tools for the practitioners to understand why people withhold their contribution efforts in online knowledge spaces. 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge withholding in online knowledge spaces: Social deviance behavior and secondary control perspective	Another important practical implication that emerged from this study is related to knowledge‐withholding acceptability. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"First, my conceptualization of privacy and the empirical results contribute to a deeper understanding of the dialectics in privacy management. "	JASIST	Resources
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Second, this study helps explain the so‐called “privacy paradox” in the context of online social interactions, i.e., people say they are concerned about privacy online but act as if they are not."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Third, this study supports the view that SNS platform designers should adopt privacy management approaches that go “beyond access control” (Mondal et al., 2014, p. 1). "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The privacy paradox in the context of online social networking: A self‐identity perspective	"Finally, conceiving privacy in relation to self‐identity helps avoid pitfalls in “normative and sometimes emotionally charged” privacy debates (Smith et al., 2011, p. 1003). "	JASIST	Resources
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"We formally define, measure, and compare homogeneity and popularity biases in several widely used web platforms in five categories: e‐mail, online social networks, search engines, news recommenders, and Wikipedia. These categories represent a significant portion of online traffic and allow us to indirectly observe the effects of several distinct algorithms and mechanisms: retrieval, ranking, crowdsourcing, communication, and personalization. We apply these measures to click data, which capture information that is consumed by users; the same measures can be applied to different activities, such as social sharing."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"In support of H1, we show that all investigated platforms are biased compared to a random baseline, but we find quantitative differences in bias measurements."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"In support of H2, aggregate traffic analysis reveals that social media exhibit higher homogeneity bias than other platforms. However, they also exhibit higher popularity bias."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	"We refine previous results about the relationship between search traffic volume and domain rank; we find that user attention is biased toward popular websites according to the rich‐get‐richer structure of the web. However, contrary to H3, search engines exhibit less popularity bias compared to other platforms. When we focus our analysis on traffic to news sites, we find higher levels of popularity bias."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Quantifying Biases in Online Information Exposure	We further investigate the biases associated with individual traffic patterns and report on the correlation between homogeneity and popularity bias across systems.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
10SENT: A stable sentiment analysis method based on the combination of off‐the‐shelf approaches	"the main contribution of our work is an easily deployable and stable method that can produce results as good as or better than the best single method for most data sets in a completely unsupervised manner, being much superior than other unsupervised solutions such as majority voting and, in some cases, close to the best supervised ones. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
10SENT: A stable sentiment analysis method based on the combination of off‐the‐shelf approaches	"Finally, as a second contribution, we start an investigation into a important question of our research: whether we can “transfer” some knowledge to our method from a data set labeled with emoticons by Twitter users, which is easily available, meaning that no extra labeling effort is necessary. The main idea here is that such transfer of knowledge could provide additional (unsupervised) information to our method helping to improve it even further."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Altmetric scores: An early indicator of research impact	Our findings therefore suggest altmetric data could be useful as an aid to assessing impact.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	"(1) a better understanding of the role of cited‐reference based indicators in SSH, "	JASIST	Resources
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	"(2) the different characteristics of cited references of the two main publication types, "	JASIST	Resources
The field‐specific reference patterns of periodical and nonserial publications	 (3) a better understanding of the correlation among reference‐based indicators measuring two different phenomenon.	JASIST	Resources
The process of open data publication and reuse	This research analyses the process of open data publication starting in the internal systems of the organization and reaching the actual reuse of data in reuser's ecosystem surrounding the open data portals	JASIST	Resources
How are information deserts created? A theory of local information landscapes	 This paper develops a theory of local information landscapes (LIL theory) to conceptualize the material structure of local information.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information need recognition	JASIST	Resources
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information sourcing	JASIST	Resources
Information behaviors in disadvantaged and dependent circumstances and the role of information intermediaries	information comprehension	JASIST	Resources
Measuring Participation in Distance Education Online Discussion Forums Using Social Network Analysis	This article contributes to scholars because it applies an important social analysis technique in a relevant research stream	JASIST	Resources
Measuring Participation in Distance Education Online Discussion Forums Using Social Network Analysis	 It also contributes to practitioners and educational institutions because the most central participants can be used as hubs to publish information and convey ideas and behaviors in the network. 	JASIST	Resources
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We are the first to propose a technique to identify temporal value changes from social media use.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We develop a weighted hybrid time‐series‐based technique to capture the value priority changes over different time intervals.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We validate our hybrid technique with a real‐world scenario through a questionnaire and compare our technique with other baseline techniques.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Temporal modeling of basic human values from social network usage	We demonstrate how the change of values relates to the users' movie‐watching preferences.	JASIST	Applications
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	We propose an active learning method based on a multiple‐instance learning technique to achieve high precision with little human annotation effort in classifying event‐related tweets. The tweets are preclustered such that near‐duplicate messages are grouped together and assigned the same label with one human annotation.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	"We propose a ranking function, which depicts not only relevance but also coverage of event representative keywords. When selected keywords could retrieve more event‐related tweets, we are able to achieve high recall by using a small set of keywords. We further apply a time series model, namely, Autoregressive Model (AR), to model the trend of a keyword based on its frequencies in different time windows. A word with uptrend possibly indicates a new aspect of the event. On the contrary, a word with downtrend is likely to be outdated. The keyword evolvement property reflects the event development."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Collecting event‐related tweets from twitter stream
"	"We evaluate our method and its variants on a simulated Twitter Stream of real‐world events. Our experimental results show that our method outperforms strong baselines. To obtain ground truth data for evaluation, significant effort has been made to annotate the event‐related tweets. The data set from this study would benefit other studies in this area."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Neither a Bazaar nor a cathedral: The interplay between structure and agency in Wikipedia's role system	"We contribute to theory of coordination and roles, as well as provide some practical implications."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Quality, impact, and quantification: Indicators and metrics use by social scientists"	"With a focus on the social sciences, this article contributes to the existing literature on indicators and metrics use in fields with diverse publication practices."	JASIST	Resources
An evaluation of U.S. municipal open data portals: A user interaction framework	These findings indicate room for improvement in multiple areas and suggest potential roles for information professionals as data mediators. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
An evaluation of U.S. municipal open data portals: A user interaction framework	"The study also reveals that portals using the Socrata platform performed better, regarding user access, trust, engagement, and participation. However, the variability among portals indicates that some portals should improve their platforms to achieve greater user engagement and participation."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The “Had Mores”: Exploring korean immigrants’ information behavior and ICT usage when settling in the United States	"Extending prior work on immigrants' information behavior, we capture the more complex picture of information needs and seeking behaviors of Korean immigrants, and uncover an additional information need—to create a new social network in the new social context. "	JASIST	Resources
The “Had Mores”: Exploring korean immigrants’ information behavior and ICT usage when settling in the United States	"Furthermore, we found that Korean immigrants needed to compromise with the ICTs infrastructure in the host country, and struggled to assess user‐generated contents, threatening the balance of “glocal” everyday lives. "	JASIST	Resources
"When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections"	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that works with a diversified set of performance metrics and studies on when to stop making relevance assessments. We provide a comprehensive analysis of different stopping strategies and propose ways to evaluate them."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections"	"We define, implement, and test a series of new methods for stopping the judgment process. This covers a wide range of methods, including methods adapted from Time Series Analysis and Financial Trading."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections"	"We propose an innovative form to estimate recall. This new estimate is employed here to support some stopping methods, but it can also contribute in other areas beyond IR evaluation."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"When to stop making relevance judgments? A study of stopping methods for building information retrieval test collections"	"The results clearly demonstrate that some stopping methods can substantially reduce the assessment effort and still produce reliable test collections. As a matter of fact, the reduced set of judgments can be reliably employed to compare search systems using recall‐based and utility‐based metrics."	JASIST	Applications
The first impression of conference papers: Does it matter in predicting future citations?	This study contributes to a better understanding of the extent to which various factors influence the future citations of conference papers	JASIST	Resources
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	"The first area is to educate scientists who might be uncertain about or might not be familiar with data reuse. Although data reuse is an individual choice that depends on that individual's research area and appropriate methodologies, knowing about and understanding data reuse could make a difference when designing a research study."	JASIST	Resources
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	"The second area that was identified as being critical to promoting data reuse practices is internal supports. Various types of internal resources, including experts who can help facilitate the process of data reuse, proper technology, and software and programs that are relevant to data reuse, can influence scientists' intentions to reuse data."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Scientists' data reuse behaviors: A multilevel analysis
Youngseek Kim  Ayoung Yoon"	The findings of this study indicated that the availability of data repositories was an important factor for data reuse. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Ethical dilemma: Deception dynamics in computer‐mediated group communication	"This study contributes to the domain of social computing, behavioral modeling, and the prediction of computer‐mediated deception. Humans alone are not very effective at determining deception on their own, but the analogy of crowd‐sourced humans as sensors in an interactive network for identifying potential deception is supported by our findings."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	"We propose an enriched multidimensional relevance model, which consists of topicality, novelty, reliability, understandability, scope, habit, and interest;"	JASIST	Model Construction
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	We formulate multiple features for each dimension of the enriched MURM to quantify the extent to which the relevance of retrieved documents is correlated to the corresponding dimension;	JASIST	Model Optimization
Understanding an enriched multidimensional user relevance model by analyzing query logs	"We carry out large scale document ranking experiments on a real‐world Web search log and the TREC session search data, from which we gain insightful findings that would provide guidance for the design of future IR algorithms and evaluation methodologies."	JASIST	Applications
Discourse relations in rationale‐containing text‐segments	various computational approaches are being explored to automatically detect participants’ opinions and rationales from these texts. This study contributes to one such approach: detecting the rationales by detecting the discourse relations that are commonly present in the rationales.	JASIST	Applications
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Develop a story‐chain discovery framework that employs zigzagged search and news actors.
"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Conduct two user studies:

The first finds a guideline for using the framework by answering the following research questions:

What is the proper time‐window length to be used while scanning the collection?

When a social network of news actors is utilized, is it necessary to use a large network of news actors instead of exploiting a subset of important actors?
Which similarity method performs better in news‐chain discovery: lexical features using the vector space model, or meta features based on news actors? Can we improve the effectiveness by using multiple methods together in a hybrid approach?
The second compares our method with baselines to answer:

What are the benefits of our framework against baseline approaches?

How should we measure the similarity between a news chain and a candidate article?
"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"Support user studies with statistical tests, which can set an example for similar studies."	JASIST	Resources
Discovering story chains: A framework based on zigzagged search and news actors	"
Integrate our framework into a real‐time news aggregator to observe its practical implications."	JASIST	Applications
Antecedents and learning outcomes of online news engagement	" A contribution of this work lies in its unexpected findings, which exemplify the need to consider the role of content in UE, and to more deeply and critically probe the relationship between UE and learning with information search systems."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
What makes an effective clinical query and querier?	The paper aims to contribute to this by studying how clinicians search for information. 	JASIST	Resources
Shangri–La: A medical case–based retrieval tool	Both the improved retrieval system combining several techniques and the multimodal query interface constitute the main contributions of this article. 	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We introduce two methods for query expansion for CDS search.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We compare the proposed methods with the current state of the art.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"Learning to reformulate long queries for clinical decision support
"	We study the impact of query reduction when combined with query expansion in CDS search.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	"We present a new novelty and diversity metric for biomedical IR, which recognizes information richness (degree of novelty and degree of relevance) and differentiates redundant documents from irrelevant ones."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Formal analyses and empirical studies are presented to show that the proposed metric respects desired evaluation intuition and policy.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	"Experiments are conducted to compare the proposed metric with nine state‐of‐the‐art metrics for novelty and diversity evaluation, which suggests our metric outperforms or equals state‐of‐the‐art IR metrics in novelty and relevancy recognition."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Experiments are conducted to show our metric has stronger discriminative power than state‐of‐the‐art metrics.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
geNov: A new metric for measuring novelty and relevancy in biomedical information retrieval	Experimental studies reveal that the proposed metric is faster to compute than state‐of‐the‐art metrics though time complexities of their evaluation algorithms are all linear in the number of documents in the ranking list.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	We leverage a pattern‐based method to extract large‐scale treatment drug–disease pairs and inducement drug–disease pairs.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	"The precision of the extracted treatment and inducement drug–disease pairs can achieve 0.912 and 0.923, respectively. The recall of the extracted frequent treatment and inducement drug–disease pairs can achieve 0.898 and 0.833, respectively."	JASIST	Applications
Large‐scale extraction of drug–disease pairs from the medical literature	"A new network embedding algorithm is proposed to encode the information network, which has two distinct relation types, into low‐dimensional space."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(a) an effective approach for triaging the content severity in online mental health forums based on indication of self‐harm ideation; 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(b) providing insight into the effect of online mental health forums on users through analysis of their content; 	JASIST	Applications
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(c) analyzing the interaction of moderators with users; and 	JASIST	Applications
Triaging content severity in online mental health forums	(d) extensive evaluation of the proposed approach on a real‐world data set.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Temporal dynamics of eye‐tracking and EEG during reading and relevance decisions	The main contribution is to show that there are increasing differences in EYE and EEG data between the relevant and irrelevant documents as text documents are read. Another contribution is to demonstrate a low‐cost EEG device can be useful to infer RJs.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Trolling here, there, and everywhere: Perceptions of trolling behaviors in context"	Two major contributions of the study include a codebook to support future analysis of trolling and 	JASIST	Resources
"Trolling here, there, and everywhere: Perceptions of trolling behaviors in context"	formal concept analysis surrounding contextual perceptions of trolling.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Cognitive modeling of age‐related differences in information search behavior	"first, we extended cognitive models of web‐navigation CoLiDeS and CoLiDeS+ to model not only the second phase of information search (navigation within websites) but also the first phase of information search (interaction with a search engine, more precisely the step of selecting a search result from a SERP corresponding to a query)."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Cognitive modeling of age‐related differences in information search behavior	"  Second, we evaluated the performance of the two models on predicting age‐related differences in the above task."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Toward the operationalization of visual metaphor	"The role of embellishment in the visualization of large data sets remains a controversial subject. We contribute to this ongoing debate by examining the role of visual detail in an interactive visualization built on metaphor. Given the effectiveness of visual details in improving memorability, we hypothesize that providing metaphorical context through visual embellishment will improve users' recall of its functionality."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	 i) a definition of co‐utility and methods to estimate co‐utility probabilities; 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	"ii) an objective function that combines predicted values and co‐utility probabilities, its reduction to a popular Facility Location Analysis problem (Borodin, Lee, & Ye, 2012), and algorithms to tackle it; "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	iii) a comparison between the usefulness of our method and different baselines; and 	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Exploiting item co‐utility to improve collaborative filtering recommendations	"iv) an analysis of the scalability, diversity, and optimality of recommendations produced by our method."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Automatic event detection in microblogs using incremental machine learning	"A novel unsupervised incremental learning algorithm to address the key challenges in microblog analysis. The core capabilities of this algorithms are, topic pathway separation, topic pathway evolution and incremental separation of completely new topics and subsequent topics based on already learned topics."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic event detection in microblogs using incremental machine learning	A novel event detection technique that uncovers event indicators from the topic pathways generated by the above algorithm. The technique calculates the intensity of change in a pathway using a combination of changes in volume and positive or negative sentiment to detect potential events of interest.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	"We are the first to consider the task of NIL mention detection in email. We achieve NIL detection accuracy results that are comparable to the best results previously reported for Non‐NIL mentions by designing new features that are specifically motivated by the NIL detection task, and we show that inclusion of these features does not have any material negative effect on linking accuracy for Non‐NIL mentions."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	We have achieved a 20% error reduction over the best previously reported results for linking Non‐NIL mentions by combining both existing and novel features using what is now a rather standard learning‐to‐rank framework that had not yet been used for entity linking at the time the earlier work was performed.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Person entity linking in email with NIL detection	We have added new NIL annotations to Elsayed's Enron entity linking test collection and we have created new ground truth Non‐NIL and NIL entity linking annotations for the newly available Avocado test collection.	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Online disclosure of illicit information: Information behaviors in two drug forums	An important contribution we make with this study is the development of a codebook for online disclosure of illicit behaviors.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"First, this study found that the social effect of outstanding scholars is favorable to the development of a research network, that is, expanding the collaboration relationships in a network."	JASIST	Resources
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Second, the results suggest that a scholar who is highly and directly connected with other colleagues (i.e., a high degree centrality) will increase his or her future research accomplishments in terms of quantity, whereas a scholar who is connected with other colleagues from different sub‐fields (i.e., a high betweenness centrality) will improve future research accomplishments in terms of novelty. Based on the findings, this study suggests that future researchers should aim to expand their personal networks, strengthen their direct links with peers, and contact different scholars from different research fields or domains. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Third, high closeness centrality, which identifies the minimum distance that links all of the scholars in a network, does not positively impact scholars in terms of future research accomplishments; even a loose relationship with peers will diminish research performance."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the social effect of outstanding scholars on future research accomplishments	"Finally, due to the negative impact of closeness centrality, this study found that the social effect of an outstanding scholar is a double‐edged sword. It helps scholars to simultaneously improve the three types of centralities in their research network; however, such impacts not only bring beneficial effects (degree and betweenness centralities) but also have a negative influence (closeness centrality) on the scholar"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Implicit opinion analysis: Extraction and polarity labelling	"From a content point of view, we address the occurrences of implicit opinions, and propose methods to extract such opinions. That is, we focus on both the extraction and classification of implicit opinions. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Implicit opinion analysis: Extraction and polarity labelling	"From a technological point of view, we propose various approaches to determine the polarity of implicit opinions. By identifying negative implicit opinions, we can reveal why customers have such negative feelings."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Measuring text difficulty using parse‐tree frequency	"First, we show that current readability metrics do not effectively measure text difficulty. Readability measures based on word and sentence length correlate with how difficult people perceive sentences to be but they do not correlate with how likely a person is to understand that sentence. "	JASIST	Applications
Measuring text difficulty using parse‐tree frequency	"Second, and more important, we introduce a new measure of text difficulty that utilizes the frequency of occurrence of the 3rd level grammatical structure, where frequency is calculated using structures from all sentences in English Wikipedia. This metric can be applied to new sentences to predict sentence difficulty. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"This study extends existing work in three chief ways. First, it models the role of accessibility (OA status) on referencing. "	JASIST	Model Construction
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"Second, it covers all major research areas of science by observing rates at which Wikipedia references nearly 5,000 journals, accounting for nearly 20 million articles. "	JASIST	Resources
Amplifying the impact of open access: Wikipedia and the diffusion of science	"Third, it treats unreferenced articles in the same analytic framework as those referenced. "	JASIST	Resources
"Reader characteristics, behavior, and success in fiction book search"	"Our first main contribution was in demonstrating that different preference patterns for fiction books were clearly associated with readers' search behavior, that is, the number of viewed SERPs, opened book pages, dwell time on book pages, and the type of search queries. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Reader characteristics, behavior, and success in fiction book search"	"Our second main contribution was in presenting three search tactics for fiction books in library catalogs: i) focused querying, ii) topical browsing, and iii) similarity‐based tactic. We demonstrated that the search scenario determined the use of the identified search tactics. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"First, we provide an in‐depth study of the users of WorldCat.org and their uses of the system; "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"second, we present a categorization of work and search tasks from WorldCat.org that are applicable to union catalogs more widely; "	JASIST	Applications
Users and uses of a global union catalog: A mixed‐methods study of WorldCat.org	"third, we demonstrate how multiple methods can be utilized for studying union catalogs, including the integration of data to form a holistic view of information‐searching behavior."	JASIST	Applications
Matched control groups for modeling events in citation data: An illustration of nobel prize effects in citation networks	The main aim of this article was to make a methodological contribution to the literature on events in citation data.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A Multidimensional Investigation of the Effects of Publication Retraction on Scholarly Impact	"We designed multiple statistical comparative experiments within a unified framework on a 30‐years span of retracted publications indexed by Web of Science (WoS) to study the effect of retractions on the scholarly impact of articles, scholars, and institutions, which are either directly involved in or indirectly related to multiple categories of retraction incidences. We also compared our experimental results with similar previous studies."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A Multidimensional Investigation of the Effects of Publication Retraction on Scholarly Impact	We investigated temporal causal correlation between paper retraction rate and publishing popularity within certain scientific topics. We test whether retraction occurrences in one research direction will affect its future development.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"First, understanding the role played by needs satisfaction in collaboration and competition will help researchers explain the motivational process underpinning players' enjoyment in HCGs."	JASIST	Resources
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Second, our results suggest that gaming has an influence on players' perception of output quality. In comparing two of the HCGs, the competitive HCG was found to be more effective in influencing perceived accuracy and relevancy than its collaborative counterpart. This finding informs researchers of the need to consider the interaction between different game mechanics and output quality."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Third, our work suggests that games can be used to attract players to participate in content creation if we can leverage the differences in motivations and perceived output quality afforded by different gameplay mechanics. In particular, we found that participants in competitive HCGs experienced higher competence, and such games were perceived to produce more accurate and relevant output compared to collaborative HCGs. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Fourth, although this study was conducted in the context of HCGs, the usefulness of its findings may extend to other contexts that intend to make the tasks engaging, such as crowdsourcing and gamification. "	JASIST	Applications
Does it matter how you play? The effects of collaboration and competition among players of human computation games	"Finally, the findings of this study also contribute to the knowledge of HCG design. "	JASIST	Resources
How does the world connect? Exploring the global diffusion of social network sites	This study contributes to the extant literature by operationalizing TOE factors in the social networking domain at the national level.	JASIST	Resources
Factors that influence query reformulations and search performance in health information retrieval: A multilevel modeling approach	"The main contributions of this study can be summarized as follows: (a) using multilevel modeling to analyze query reformulation data while considering the hierarchical, nested structure of the data and "	JASIST	Model Optimization
Factors that influence query reformulations and search performance in health information retrieval: A multilevel modeling approach	(b) developing a model to include both session‐level and action‐level factors to provide a more complete understanding of the relationships among factors that influence query reformulation types and sequential search performance.	JASIST	Model Construction
The mood of Chinese Pop music: Representation and recognition	" this study aims to make contributions to MIR research, particularly on mood representation and recognition in the cross‐cultural context. "	JASIST	Resources
The mood of Chinese Pop music: Representation and recognition	"In addition, this study also constructs a substantial data set and demonstrates detailed analyses on it."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"We show that the graph‐based framework delivers accurate recommendations in the challenging CH domain. Unlike alternative methods, this approach models historical ratings jointly with diverse background knowledge, including contextual physical proximity and semantic aspects."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"Relatively few works employed graph based similarity in general, and the PPR measure in particular, for recommendation purposes. We report the results of a comprehensive set of comparative experiments, demonstrating the advantages of the graph‐based approach over alternative methods in contextual recommendation setting."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Graph‐based recommendation integrating rating history and domain knowledge: Application to on‐site guidance of museum visitors	"We evaluate and discuss issues related to graph design, as well as the impact of tuning parametric edge weights on recommendation performance."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Scientific evolutionary pathways: Identifying and visualizing relationships for scientific topics	 (a) a term‐based science map to trace scientific evolutionary pathways with both visual routines and detailed outlines and 	JASIST	Resources
Scientific evolutionary pathways: Identifying and visualizing relationships for scientific topics	"(b) a learning process to introduce machine‐learning techniques to investigate topic analysis in a changing environment over time. Considering the varied backgrounds of our audience, we have simplified the technical details and demonstrate our method via a case study of the United States (US) National Science Foundation (NSF) Awards."	JASIST	Resources
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We propose a novel approach for modeling the context‐aware personal discount sensitivity of users and items in mobile coupon recommendations in a sparse data scenario.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We incorporate context‐aware personalized discount sensitivity into the CARS model for mobile coupon consumption prediction.	JASIST	Model Optimization
Personal‐discount sensitivity prediction for mobile coupon conversion optimization	We present a new CARS algorithm based on coclustering with random forest classification in each cell (CBRF) to effectively incorporate context‐aware personalized discount sensitivity for coupon consumption prediction. We evaluate the CBRF algorithm's prediction accuracy and show that it provides better prediction accuracy than the widely used context‐aware matrix factorization (CAMF) algorithm when incorporating personal discount sensitivity.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Beyond distributions and primary goods: Assessing applications of rawls in information science and technology literature since 1990	This work represents an important contribution to ethical analyses of ICTs by bringing together and critically assessing the application of a particular—and particularly prominent—moral framework.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	"We propose and formalize the problem of fine‐grained location extraction from tweets with temporal awareness. We conduct data analysis and make four observations on Twitter user sharing fine‐grained locations, and revealing short‐term visiting histories/plans."	JASIST	Resources
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	We propose a mechanism to build a POI inventory without human efforts by exploiting the crowd wisdom of the Foursquare community. The POI inventory includes not only the formal names of POIs but also their informal short forms and abbreviations.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Extracting fine‐grained location with temporal awareness in tweets: A two‐stage approach	"We propose and investigate three sets of contextual features (linguistic, temporal, and inventory) and two schema features (BILOU and OP), for learning the time‐aware POI tagger. A two‐stage tagging strategy is utilized to accommodate the requirement of different optimal feature settings for the two subtasks, POI recognition and temporal awareness resolution. All the three sets of contextual features are easy to derive, enabling real‐time response."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Online serendipity: A contextual differentiation of antecedents and outcomes	Our findings contribute to the current debate on serendipity by analyzing antecedents of the serendipity experience on the Internet and by differentiating these effects by three distinct online service contexts.	JASIST	Resources
Online serendipity: A contextual differentiation of antecedents and outcomes	"Our research model identifies two cognitive antecedents of users' online serendipity in the vein of a mental readiness: Internet self‐efficacy and (general) online trust. To account for users' active contribution to serendipity experiences, we include self‐disclosure as a behavioral mediator in the model."	JASIST	Model Construction
Boosting attribute recognition with latent topics by matrix factorization	We propose a framework to discover potential relationships among images and attributes in a “reduced” joint latent factor space via matrix factorization. Then we utilize the discovered relationships to boost attribute recognition.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Boosting attribute recognition with latent topics by matrix factorization	"Both the online and offline learning version of our framework is proposed to satisfy practical requirements. Offline learning is for the circumstance that all training data for BAR are available at the beginning, while online learning is for the situation where the training data arrives sequentially."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Person Name Disambiguation in the Web Using Adaptive Threshold Clustering	"Our main contribution in this paper is a new clustering algorithm that does not rely on training data for disambiguating person names in web results. We present the concept of the adaptive threshold, which only depends on the information contained in the compared documents, allowing our algorithm to decide when the documents talk about the same individual. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Comparing grounded theory and topic modeling: Extreme divergence or unlikely convergence?	" It advances our understanding of how approaches from the interpretive social sciences and from computer science both resemble and differ from one another, both in terms of substantive results and in terms of analytic process. It also argues that these methods should be considered in the context of the broader theoretical and methodological shifts they represent in their respective fields."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Ontology for cultural variations in interpersonal communication: Building on theoretical models and crowdsourced knowledge	"The primary contribution of this paper is a hybrid approach to ontology development, combining social science and computer science approaches to capture cultural variations in interpersonal communication. The ontology developed can be used to support semantic tagging of UGC for further exploration."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Domain‐independent search expertise: Gaining knowledge in query formulation through guided practice	The present study contributes a detailed analysis of the query behavior of 10 students as they completed assigned exercises during a semester‐long course on expert search	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"First, it represents one of the earliest efforts to bridge the chasm between two disparate research strands—one that distinguishes between authentic and fictitious reviews ignoring users' perceptions, and the other that examines users' perceptions when ignoring if users could discern review authenticity."	JASIST	Resources
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"Second, this article furthers the understanding about the role of language in online deception as well as its detection. The article demonstrates that the expected differences and the observed differences between authentic and fictitious reviews are not always in sync. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Don't be deceived: Using linguistic analysis to learn how to discern online review authenticity	"Third, this article demonstrates the importance of training to help address the well‐recognized information‐seeking problem of distinguishing between authentic and fictitious information. Specifically, this article suggests that a guideline could not only improve human ability to discern review authenticity but also enhance immunity against their inherent truth bias. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Filtering patent maps for visualization of diversification paths of inventors and organizations	"Our main contribution is the tradeoff curve between link removal and diversification prediction power, which provides an objective basis to rule out the obviously nonoptimal choices, such as PMFG, and to compare and select feasible thresholds in the center segment of the curve. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The interplay between information practices and information context: The case of mobile knowledge workers	"This article contributes to an empirical understanding of the information practices of an increasingly visible yet understudied population, and to a theoretical understanding of the contemporary mobile knowledge work information context."	JASIST	Resources
"Adding the dimension of knowledge trading to source impact assessment: Approaches, indicators, and implications"	"Findings of this study will contribute to discussions of journal impact assessment as well as the scholarship of knowledge trading. The employed weighted and directed indicators will create a new dimension to journal status by measuring journals' impact in knowledge trading. Diachronical results delivered by this study will inform the understanding of source‐level knowledge flows, interdisciplinarity, and other pertinent social‐scientific processes."	JASIST	Resources
Search task features in work tasks of varying types and complexity	This paper contributes to the knowledge of authentic information searching	JASIST	Resources
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	"This article contributes to the information‐seeking behavior literature by comparing and contrasting three different information seeking methods: keyword searching, CBR searching, and browsing by conducting a longitudinal analysis of query logs that stretches over 8 years. "	JASIST	Resources
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	The main contribution of the study is that it helps us better understand a user's information‐seeking behavior by analyzing the user query logs longitudinally. 	JASIST	Resources
A longitudinal study of user queries and browsing requests in a case‐based reasoning retrieval system	"Specifically, this study analyzes longitudinal user queries across 8 years rather than a small amount of queries on a short period of days. The study is also unique in that it analyzes the queries from a less commonly used search method (CBR searching). "	JASIST	Resources
Analysis of change in users' assessment of search results over time	"In this broad context or framework, our research contributes to understanding and modeling the change in time in user relevance evaluation behavior. The problem is also important in understanding whether and to what extent there is a need for personalization and adaptation of the search engine's ranking over time."	JASIST	Resources
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"The unique contribution of this study can be highlighted in multiple ways. First, this study creates a new model in interactive IR that incorporates user involvement and system support into the IR process"	JASIST	Model Construction
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"Second, this study specified the types of user involvement and types of system support needed in accomplishing search tactics. Users not only participate in the search process physically by manipulating system functions but also cognitively by making intellectual decisions. In applying user‐dominated tactics, they use their knowledge structure to make their own intellectual decisions."	JASIST	Applications
User involvement and system support in applying search tactics	"Third, this study also reveals that not all users are the same. Users have different preferences in terms of what they prefer to perform themselves and what they want the systems to undertake for them. In applying user‐dominated tactics, users exhibit different preferences in making decisions while applying search tactics. "	JASIST	Applications
"Understanding users of cloud music services: Selection factors, management and access behavior, and perceptions"	"Our results contribute to theoretical understandings of users' music information behavior in a time of upheaval in music usage patterns, and more generally, the purposes and meanings users ascribe to personal media collections in cloud‐based systems. "	JASIST	Resources
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	"Profile academics' OAP behavior, in terms of: recent publication activities
future intentions"	JASIST	Resources
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	"Profile academics' attitudes towards OAP, in terms of: the advantages and disadvantages of OAP
the relative importance of services associated with paid OAP publication
preferences regarding peer review
the dissemination and reuse of their research."	JASIST	Resources
Academics' behaviors and attitudes towards open access publishing in scholarly journals	Investigate the existence and nature of disciplinary difference in behaviors and attitudes towards OAP publishing.	JASIST	Resources
How many ways to use CiteSpace? A study of user interactive events over 14 months	"First, it provides a methodological demonstration of log analysis of usage for a visual analytic application through a multimethod approach. It triangulates behavioral patterns with multiple user characteristics and ties transitional points in behavioral patterns to real‐world problems reported by users. The methodology used in the present study could be applied to other visual analytic applications, with minor modifications. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How many ways to use CiteSpace? A study of user interactive events over 14 months	"Second, the interactive and evolving patterns discovered in the present study have built the foundation for a tool to improve CiteSpace in general. A user analysis tool that extracts user behavioral patterns and multiple behavior indicators from usage logs could promote identification of weakness and facilitate improvements of the software. The ultimate goal is to build an adaptive and intelligent system that can assist users in visual analytic tasks with a minimal cognitive burden."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
 The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	"(i) To the best of our knowledge, this study represents the first to conduct longitudinal analysis of the evolution of iSchools. Different from analysis based on a snapshot of the community, a longitudinal approach can better capture directions to which iSchools are heading. Similar approaches could also be used to study other emerging and fast‐changing disciplines. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
 The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	"ii) From the standpoint of collecting and analyzing bibliographical data, we retrieved publication data from various types of venues (e.g., journals, conferences, and book chapters), and applied automated topic modeling techniques to reveal research topics for the whole community and each individual iSchool by examining text from these publications. Compared with relying only on journal papers and arbitrary classifications of journals into disciplines (Wu et al., 2012; Zhang et al., 2013), our approach is more suitable for a multi‐ and interdisciplinary community like the iSchools, whose researchers have diverse preferences regarding publication venues. Our computational analysis also enables us to analyze a large number of publications in an automated way."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
 The state and evolution of U.S. iSchools: From talent acquisitions to research outcome	" (iii) Although there have been studies on academic disciplines using network analysis techniques (Clauset et al., 2015; Wiggins et al., 2006, 2008; Yu, 2013), we are the first to incorporate educational backgrounds and research topic distributions into the analysis of a discipline's hiring network. The inclusion of these nodal attributes into topological analysis of a hiring network helps to better capture characteristics and the evolution of a discipline."	JASIST	Resources
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"First, we categorized various bibliometric networks into three types according to the initial query selection. "	JASIST	Resources
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"Second, we proposed a comparative evaluation approach, called tomographic content analysis, for analyzing the three networks in detail. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Comparative evaluation of bibliometric content networks by tomographic content analysis: An application to Parkinson's disease	"Third, the findings from comparing the PBN, SBN, and TBN suggest that the PBN is adequate for understanding the current knowledge of a certain topic, whereas the SBN helps discover new knowledge and linking to other fields associated with the topic, and the TBN is best suited for overviewing the current knowledge of a topic and its relevant studies."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"First, most previous studies used quantitative approaches to examine the relationship between SNS use and psychological well‐being. Previous studies collected data from SNSs used by healthy students and attempted to explore how SNS use is related to the psychological well‐being of users. In our study semistructured interviews were conducted to gain a better understanding of how SNS use impacts the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. In the second phase, an online survey was conducted to evaluate and empirically test the theoretical model. We triangulated the results and demonstrated that the use of SNS enhances social support, enriches the experience of social connectedness, develops social presence and learning, and ultimately improves psychological well‐being. This study adds to the literature on SNS use and psychological well‐being and provides a useful platform for future research."	JASIST	Resources
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"Second, in this study we developed and tested a multitheory approach to hypothesis development and to frame interpretation of relationships between the use of SNS such as Facebook and the psychological well‐being of users, specifically cancer patients. A lack of theoretical underpinnings in previous studies in this area had been recognized (Guo et al., 2014; Hong et al., 2012), and our study was intended to fill this gap. Our study showed the capacity of SNS use to improve the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. This evidence will assist organizations to generate strategies and make recommendations for using Facebook for improving the psychological well‐being of their users."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The effect of social network site use on the psychological well‐being of cancer patients	"Third, our qualitative study provided insights into the lived experience of cancer patients' use of Facebook. This contributes to a better understanding of the ways that SNS use is associated with the psychological well‐being of cancer patients. By clarifying this relationship, this study demonstrates that SNS use does indeed have possibilities for promoting psychological well‐being of cancer patients. We showed the advantages that SNS use can have in the context of healthcare, at least with respect to cancer patients. The findings should encourage parties and institutes involved in the care of cancer patients, and cancer patients themselves, to use SNS to improve psychological well‐being."	JASIST	Resources
Mining correlations between medically dependent features and image retrieval models for query classification	"(a) We evaluate the impact of using different semantic ontologies and thesaurus for determining the generic query features on the query classification performance, thus by conducting a comparative study. First, we define additional generic query features, such as AvLesk, to capture more semantic characteristics and help associate the query with the most suitable image retrieval model. Second, we exploit both the WordNet thesaurus and the UMLS Metathesaurus to calculate generic feature values, namely, term relatedness and polysemy. Using UMLS allows for capturing semantics between medical entities rather than using WordNet's general terminology. "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Mining correlations between medically dependent features and image retrieval models for query classification	"(b) A new smart classifier (SmartClass) is proposed for query classification. SmartClass allows for finding a query's most appropriate default class instead of using the same default class for all queries in the classification process. This classifier is based on two phases: the preliminary phase, which allows grouping of the query features, and the classification phase."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Hypertext configurations: Genres in networked digital media	The aim of this article is to contribute to the development of a conceptual framework for characterizing digital materials.	JASIST	Resources
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	We propose an adaptive personalized reranking model that considers a user's short‐ and long‐term interaction behaviors in which the relevance of a document to a query and the preference of a user for certain documents are adaptively combined for document reranking.	JASIST	model optimization
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	We perform an investigation of the document ranking performance affected by the assumption that user activity and query attractiveness are uniformly distributed and find that it does have an effect on personalized document reranking.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Behavior‐based personalization in web search†	"We examine how ranking performance is impacted by sparseness when estimating document relevance to a given query, and find that our model works better by incorporating a word‐level relevance matrix that is less sparse than a query‐level relevance matrix."	JASIST	Resources
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first study that investigates story‐focused reading in this context and scale, and that also accounts for the interactions between news sites and other sources."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	We study the characteristics of story‐focused reading and show that users exhibit a different reading behavior when focusing on a story.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Story‐focused reading in online news and its potential for user engagement	"We show that having links to related content within the text of a news article keeps users engaged with the news site. We also show that the type, the position, and the number of links matter, and that even external links are beneficial."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Knowledge‐dissemination channels: Analytics of stature evaluation	Contributions of this paper include introduction of a general analytics technique for evaluating knowledge‐dissemination channels	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge‐dissemination channels: Analytics of stature evaluation	"secondarily, via applications of that technique, several objective characterizations of journal stature for information systems (IS) scholars."	JASIST	Resources
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	"(a) we evaluate our previous solution that had the potential to be exploited in the incremental scenario but has not been evaluated in such situations, only in batch‐mode full‐repository disambiguation; "	JASIST	Resources
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	(b) we analyze the improvements made in the original method to deal with specific idiosyncratic aspects of the incremental disambiguation problem; 	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Incremental author name disambiguation by exploiting domain‐specific heuristics	"(c) we perform a thorough comparative experimental analysis of our solutions against the best known baselines in the literature, while evaluating specific aspects of our solution such as the isolated impact of each of its components and the sensitivity to its parameters."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Data reusers' trust development	"Although the literature on data reuse is expanding, few attempts have been made to explain data reusers' behaviors from a theoretical perspective. As theoretical perspectives often lead to deeper understanding, this research analyzes the thoughts, perceptions, and beliefs behind the behaviors and actions of data reusers. Trust is a useful theoretical concept to explore data reusers' behaviors and perceptions, and as explained in the introduction, current data reuse practices make the concept of trust even more relevant. The theoretical understanding developed in this research has the potential to be applied to other contexts of data reuse in future studies."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Data reusers' trust development	"By drawing on a range of fields in which the concept of trust is important, including sociology, social psychology, economics, information systems, and organizational behavior, this study contributes to the understanding of the multiple facets of trust that are involved in data reuse. A data reuser's trust judgment is not a one‐time, simple process. Various types and levels of trust interact to enable data reusers to make trust judgments regarding data."	JASIST	Resources
Data reusers' trust development	"Data reusers' experiences can vary depending on the data type, because of the different forms and formats of data, the methods used to acquire the data, and the process of understanding and analyzing the data. this study contributes to the understanding of data reusers' trust judgments"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Funding Data from Publication Acknowledgments: Coverage, Uses, and Limitations"	This article contributes to the development of methods for analysing research funding systems by exploring the robustness and comparability of emerging approaches to generate funding landscapes useful for policy making.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Metrics for openness	"The contribution of this paper is to gather existing measures of openness together and to propose new metrics to inform discussion on aspects of “openness” within scholarly communication. In particular, we propose an individual Openness Index that characterizes the accessibility of an author's publications."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	"Our model incorporates explicit Tencent Weibo features such as the degree of user influence, topic information, the main content of weibos, social relations, and topic information into a unified framework, which can further help improve recommendation results."	JASIST	Model Construction
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	"For determining direct social influence, we are able to identify the influential relationships between two users by studying their historical communication records, and for determining indirect social influence, we detect the influential relationships by applying social status theory."	JASIST	Applications
User‐level microblogging recommendation incorporating social influence	We add topic information into structural analysis of indirect influence. Experiment results show that this method can improve performance and provide more personalized recommendation services based on users' interests.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"First, by integrating BE into UTAUT, we develop a holistic nomological net, which incorporates internal and external factors that affect the use of IT to process information. This contributes to the information science literature by explicitly identifying cognitions that consider external influences on use"	JASIST	Model Optimization
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"Second, we provide a theoretical explication of the psychological mechanisms linking the predictors in UTAUT to perceptions of BI vis‐à‐vis BE. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Going beyond intention: Integrating behavioral expectation into the unified theory of acceptance and use of technology	"Finally, we identify two determinants of BE and theorize how these determinants influence BE in concert with four key moderators from UTAUT. This presents a contribution to the information science and social psychology literatures, which have called for work to identify determinants of BE (Venkatesh et al., 2008)."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Toward multiviewpoint ontology construction by collaboration of non‐experts and crowdsourcing: The case of the effect of diet on health	"A practical contribution of this study is the multiviewpoint ontology for diet, which is an important supplement to the set of ontologies in the biomedical domain."	JASIST	Applications
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"This paper contributes to the development of bibliometric metrics that helps to formulate a (practical, relevant) theory of knowledge dynamics. "	JASIST	Applications
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"We explore how different approaches to mapping a scientific field provide different insights, and how they can be related. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Mapping science through bibliometric triangulation: An experimental approach applied to water research	"We demonstrate how triangulation results, in conjunction with visualization, can lead to a better understanding of the (disciplinary or interdisciplinary) structure of scientific fields."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Looking for “normal”: Sense making in the context of health disruption	"The resulting model, Looking for normal: Sense making in the context of health disruption, contributes to an understanding of normality in health‐related sense making processes."	JASIST	Model Construction
Looking for “normal”: Sense making in the context of health disruption	"One of the main contributions of this article is the revelation that people confronting very different health disruptions share a common sense making “journey,” experiencing similar information behaviors in their search for normality. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"conceptualizes a framework for the entire process of automatic music mood classification using multiple information sources. The framework is flexible in that each component can be easily extended by adding new methods, algorithms, and tools. Under the framework, this study systematically answers questions often involved in multimodal classification: feature extraction, feature selection, ensemble methods, and so on."	JASIST	Model Construction
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Following a previous study evaluating a wide range of lyric features and their combinations (Hu & Downie, 2010), this study further explores feature selection and the effect of dimension reduction on feature spaces. Thus, it pushes forward the state‐of‐the‐art on sentiment analysis for music lyrics."	JASIST	Model Optimization
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	Examines the reduction of training data brought by the multimodal approach. This aspect of improvement has rarely been addressed by previous studies on multimodal music classification. Both the effect on the number of training examples and that on the length of audio clips are evaluated in this study.	JASIST	Model Optimization
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Compares relative advantages of lyrics and audio across different mood categories. To date, there is little evidence as to which information source works better for which mood category(ies). Gaining insight on this question can contribute to deeper understanding of sources and components of music mood."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A framework for evaluating multimodal music mood classification	"Builds a large ground truth data set for the task of multimodal music mood classification. The data set contains 5,296 unique songs in 18 mood categories. This is one of the largest experimental data sets in music mood classification with both audio and lyrics available (Barthet et al., 2013; Kim et al., 2010; Yang & Chen, 2012). Results from a large data set with realistic and representative mood categories are more generalizable and of higher practical values."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	Our main contributions are: (a) a general ML multiview framework that takes advantage of different views of quality indicators; 	JASIST	Model Construction
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	(b) the improvement (up to 30%) in quality assessment over the best state‐of‐the‐art baseline methods;	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
A general multiview framework for assessing the quality of collaboratively created content on web 2.0	" (c) a thorough feature and view analysis regarding impact, informativeness, and correlation, based on two distinct domains."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"In this article we investigate the difference in the types of tags provided by experts and novices with three aims: (a) contributing to the understanding of the role of expert tags for content access in the audiovisual heritage domain, in line with the studies on nichesourcing; "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"(b) continuing research on time‐based metadata and labeling games initiated by the Waisda? experiments, exploring to what extent a video labeling game can be used to collect tags for films; and "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Time‐based tags for fiction movies: comparing experts to novices using a video labeling game	"(c) contributing to the overall discussion of how social tagging and crowdsourcing can be applied to the film domain. By film domain, we mean mostly fiction movies, not necessarily celluloid films."	JASIST	Resources
Measuring technological distance for patent mapping	"This paper contributes to the research to develop and analyze patent technology network maps to explore technology diversification and knowledge combination opportunities, and thus support technology forecasting and road mapping practices."	JASIST	Model Construction
Measuring technological distance for patent mapping	The contribution of the present paper lies primarily in promising and demonstrating the strategy to assess alternative distance measures by analyzing the correlations or similarity of the overall network structures resulting from those measures.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The role of social capital in selecting interpersonal information sources	 This study contributes to our understanding of interpersonal source use by looking at the impact of social capital dimensions. We find that the social context in which individuals find themselves impacts the assessments of both the quality and accessibility of interpersonal sources. Understanding this allows individuals to better leverage social capital and organizations to make better use of their knowledge resources.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Gender as an influencer of online health information‐seeking and evaluation behavior	"This article contributes to the growing body of research that demonstrates gender is an influencer of health information behavior, and thereby contributes to understanding of the role of context in shaping information behavior. "	JASIST	Resources
Gender as an influencer of online health information‐seeking and evaluation behavior	"Specifically, the aim of this research is to use the lens of trust judgments, supported by information on other aspects of health information behavior, to demonstrate that gender is a determinant of the information evaluation process."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Analyzing Web behavior in indoor retail spaces	"The main contribution of this article is a comprehensive report of user indoor behavior. This includes an analysis of the correlation between users' physical visiting patterns and their web behaviors; the establishment of the significant influence of the physical spatial context on the content that indoor users consume on the web; and finally, the analysis of the correspondence between indoor users' social context and their web behaviors"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"The article contributes theoretically to MIR evaluation. The holistic user‐experience evaluation approach advocated and implemented in this study is a radical revolution from existing evaluation frameworks including MIREX, MediaEval, and CLEF (discussed later). These existing frameworks focus on subtasks related to components of MIR systems rather than on complete ones. In addition, they largely follow the Cranfield paradigm (Voorhees, 2002), where retrieval systems are compared against common test collections with topics/queries, materials/collections, and relevance/similarity judgments. Putting users and their interactions with complete MIR systems in the center of consideration changes the entire perspective. The evaluation infrastructure no longer consists of predefined queries or ground truth; the evaluation context is shifted from simplified laboratory settings to real‐world scenarios; and the evaluation criteria focus on users' interactions and perceptions. Hopefully, the proposed evaluation framework will inspire more studies on holistic user‐experience evaluation in MIR."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"As this is, to our knowledge, the first community‐wide, holistic user‐experience evaluation, there are numerous methodological decisions to make in designing and implementing the evaluation framework (the “testbed”). In particular, the creation of a sharable music data set of a large size shifts the existing “algorithm‐to‐data” paradigm that has long plagued MIR research due to copyright imposed on most music materials. Furthermore, the evaluation methods, results, and reflections on lessons learned are all highly valuable for further studies on user‐centered and holistic evaluation in MIR and related domains such as multimedia IR."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
The MIREX grand challenge: A framework of holistic user‐experience evaluation in music information retrieval	"The findings of this study, particularly the evaluation results, will have important implications for designing MIR systems and applications that cater to the needs of real‐world users. There have been MIR applications, including commercial ones, but they are mostly not evaluated in a scientific and scalable manner. How they support or frustrate users largely remains unanswered questions (Lee & Price, 2015). This study strives to inspire MIR application developers to join the holistic user‐experience evaluation events to be held in the future."	JASIST	Resources
Improving proverb search and retrieval with a generic multidimensional ontology	A practical contribution of this work is an automated web‐based proverb search and retrieval system which incorporates the proposed ontological scheme and an initial corpus of ontology‐based annotated proverbs.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Using course‐subject Co‐occurrence (CSCO) to reveal the structure of an academic discipline: A framework to evaluate different inputs of a domain map	"Perhaps the most significant contribution of this article is the analytic framework to compare multiple different algorithms, tools, and techniques at each stage of domain map production."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"one contribution of this study is to call attention to the time dimension of the use of information sources, particularly the sustained use of one source."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	This study represents an attempt to enhance our knowledge of this subject	JASIST	Resources
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"Consistent with the existing literature, our results indicate that emotional factors are important in retaining users. Emotion‐related mechanisms, including feeling respected and supported as a unique individual, and not being pressed by others in decision making, help to cultivate users' autonomy in disease management. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	This qualitative study also highlights the importance of information in retaining users in online health communities	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding the sustained use of online health communities from a self‐determination perspective	"This study also found that small group interactions may help to retain users, as such interactions can cultivate competence by supporting brainstorming and collective problem solving, and can cultivate relatedness by supporting the formation of stronger ties, closer relationships, and more prolonged communications. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Teen online information disclosure: Empirical testing of a protection motivation and social capital model	The current study contributes to the literature by building a conceptual model on teen online information disclosure that includes both teen and parental factors. The conceptual model proposed a general progression from teen and parental antecedents to teen online privacy concerns to teen protection behaviors to teen online information disclosure.	JASIST	Model Construction
Teen online information disclosure: Empirical testing of a protection motivation and social capital model	"Along with our documentation of how online processes vary by different types of privacy protection behaviors, a novel contribution of the current study is the implementation of the outcome of teen online information disclosure."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Interfaces for accessing location‐based information on mobile devices: An empirical evaluation	the present study contributes to this stream of research by investigating performance and usability perceptions of three interfaces that have been commonly used for information‐seeking tasks.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Scientific research measures	The first contribution is to introduce a novel class of scientific performance measures designated Scientific Research Measures (SRMs).	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Scientific research measures	The second contribution of this article is to introduce a further general class of research measures designated Dual SRMs.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Scientific research measures	The third contribution of this article is to present an extensive empirical application of SRMs.	JASIST	Applications
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	"A large database of research paper metadata, including the citation network, title, abstract, keywords, authors, venues, and so forth."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	An analysis of a number of keyword recommendation methods based on the citation network.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	A novel text‐based method which is focused on the text in the abstract and title only.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	Thorough offline experiments for the evaluation of the various methods.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Leveraging metadata to recommend keywords for academic papers	A user study evaluating the opinion of researchers on the keyword recommendation engine.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"It investigates three techniques for the provider to present itself to the user (reputation management, client‐side personalization, cloud‐based personalization) to obtain favorable privacy‐related attitudes."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	It develops an integrated causal model that explains how these privacy‐related attitudes influence information disclosure in the context of personalization.	JASIST	Model Construction
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"Using the Elaboration Likelihood Model (ELM), it identifies how the relative success of the presentation techniques depends on two personal variables (namely privacy self‐efficacy beliefs and general online privacy concerns)."	JASIST	Model Optimization
The effect of personalization provider characteristics on privacy attitudes and behaviors: An Elaboration Likelihood Model approach	"It validates the research model in an experiment (n = 390), focusing on actual information disclosure behavior as its outcome."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Is exploratory search different? A comparison of information search behavior for exploratory and lookup tasks	Our main contribution is a systematic enumeration and quantification of behavioral variables that can be used to separate lookup versus exploratory tasks. 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Towards an understanding of the relationship between disciplinary research cultures and open access repository behaviors	The findings presented in this paper are important in that they contribute to the development of a greater understanding of disciplinary research cultures in relation to OAR and OA policy initiatives. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Towards an understanding of the relationship between disciplinary research cultures and open access repository behaviors	"The findings also inform methodological approaches for studying the information, dissemination, and publication behaviors of researchers."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Identification of nonliteral language in social media: A case study on sarcasm	"(a) the creation of a corpus that includes sarcastic utterances that have been explicitly identified as such by the writer of the message, and nonsarcastic utterances that express positive or negative attitudes without sarcasm; "	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Identification of nonliteral language in social media: A case study on sarcasm	(b) a report on the performance of distinguishing sarcastic tweets from tweets that are straightforwardly positive or negative both by automatic methods (supervised machine‐learning methods) and by human judges.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Form‐ing institutional order: The scaffolding of lists and identifiers	"The main body of the paper is taken up with considering what Searle's social ontology offers to the framing of both data structures and the relationship of such artifacts to institutional order. The work of Searle never directly engages the notion of a data structure itself. Hence, the second main contribution of the current paper is to develop a perspective on the data structure that is consistent with Searle's theorization.

"	JASIST	Model Optimization
Form‐ing institutional order: The scaffolding of lists and identifiers	"This leads to another contribution, which is to demonstrate how data structures scaffold the constitution of institutional order."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Herd behavior in consumers’ adoption of online reviews	"According to our findings, herd factors are important determinants of online review adoption, and homophily factors have positive effects on herd factors. These findings contribute to the literature by showing that informational factors alone may be insufficient to provoke consumers’ adoption of online reviews."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
University citation distributions	"First, using a large WoS data set consisting of 4.4 million articles published in 1998 to 2003 with a 5‐year citation window for each year, Albarrán et al. (2015) found that at least in some broad fields and in the all‐sciences case, the citation distributions of 36 countries and two residual geographical areas are not only highly skewed but also very similar across countries—a result parallel to our own for the 500 LR universities. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
University citation distributions	"Second, Perianes‐Rodriguez and Ruiz‐Castillo (2015) studied a set of 2,530 highly productive economists who in 2007 worked in a selection of the top‐81 economics departments in the world. Contrary to previous results for field or country citation distributions, we found that productivity distributions were very different across the 81 economics departments. "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
University citation distributions	"Finally, Chatterjee et al. (2014) studied 42 academic institutions across the world, their publications in 4 years (1980, 1990, 2000, 2010), and the citations they have received up to July 2014 according to the WoS.5 Contrary to our first result, these authors claimed that their 42 citation distributions satisfy the universality condition."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Do autocomplete functions reduce the impact of dyslexia on information‐searching behavior? The case of Google	The novel contribution of this study is thus empirical evidence about what mechanisms reduce the effect of dyslexia in information search. Such knowledge is needed to develop design guidelines that better address search experiences for dyslexic users	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Sharing “happy” information	The primary contribution of these findings to LIS research on information behavior is the establishment of the list of factors motivating individuals' information‐sharing behavior of nontask‐orientated happy information within a casual leisure environment.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Comparing and combining Content‐ and Citation‐based approaches for plagiarism detection	"(a) we survey the existing approaches for plagiarism detection based on content, based on content and structure, and based on citations and references; and"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Comparing and combining Content‐ and Citation‐based approaches for plagiarism detection	 (b) we compare content and citation‐based approaches with the goal of evaluating whether they are complementary and if their combination can improve the quality of the detection. 	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Our study aims to contribute to this growing line of research in three ways. First, we argue that the trade‐off between accessibility and quality might be less straightforward than is implied in these studies."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Second, we argue that, to advance the quality versus accessibility debate and come to a better understanding of the validity of the three models of source selection found thus far, a more thorough description of moderating effects on accessibility and quality is necessary."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The quality versus accessibility debate revisited: A contingency perspective on human information source selection	"Finally, in this line of research, there is an inclination to focus on contingencies that are likely to lead to more weight given to source quality when selecting information sources. We break this tendency by using time pressure as a potential contingency factor. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	We provide theoretical justification for distinguishing three processes by which similar texts are authored.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	We develop a randomized n‐gram extraction algorithm to capture text similarity based on n‐grams of different lengths that effectively tackles the computational challenge of counting vast numbers of arbitrarily long n‐grams based on a document‐pair sampling strategy.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Uncovering social semantics from textual traces: A theory‐driven approach and evidence from public statements of U.S. Members of Congress	"We conduct a study on a text corpus produced by members of the U.S. Congress, demonstrating that the distribution of n‐gram similarity between the members' statements is tri‐modal. We then show that each mode is most closely associated with different relationships known to exist between members of Congress: sharing topics, sharing rhetorical goals, and sharing sources."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Seeing is believing (or at least changing your mind): The influence of visibility and task complexity on preference changes in computer‐supported team decision making	"this study contributes to the literature by providing insight into how task characteristics can interact with GDSS tools to influence information exchange in team information processing, and it shows that such exchange can impact individual preferences."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Modeling journal bibliometrics to predict downloads and inform purchase decisions at university research libraries	One of the contributions from this research is the correlation of many advanced global metrics with local metrics to predict downloads of journal articles at a local institution.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Business process costs of implementing “gold” and “green” open access in institutional and national contexts	"this study contributes to the ongoing debate about OA implementation, helping to inform policy decisions at institutional and national levels."	JASIST	Resources
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"This study will contribute to understanding the outcomes of social media ELIS, a topic that is rarely analyzed. Specifically, by testing several social media platforms (RQ1) and individual differences (RQ2), this study shows which user segments require more assistance with overcoming which type of informational problem."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	" Moreover, the study tested affective factors such as personal emotional control. The findings add insights to research on the affective dimensions of information behavior (Nahl & Bilal, 2007; Savolainen, 2014). "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"By testing various interaction effects (RQ3), this research also provides a more nuanced understanding of the salient factors and relationships affecting SMIS. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Social media and problematic everyday life information‐seeking outcomes: Differences across use frequency, gender, and problem‐solving styles"	"Finally, this study suggests propositions for further hypothesis testing and theory development. As social media become pervasive, research on the informational outcomes of SMIS is both timely and necessary."	JASIST	Resources
A content analysis of Twitter hyperlinks and their application in web resource indexing	"The major contributions of this study are the content analysis of hyperlinked resources, as well as the discovery of topical associations between some hashtags and hyperlinked resources."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A content analysis of Twitter hyperlinks and their application in web resource indexing	" this empirical study can contribute not only to web resource indexing, but also to tweet organization and access."	JASIST	Resources
"Reducing digital divide effects through student engagement in coordinated game design, online resource use, and social computing activities in school"	"This research contributes to sociological and information sciences scholarship on digital inequality, and its results can inform the ongoing design and deployment of inquiry‐based instruction and learning innovations such as this one involving game design, informational resource use, and social media activities."	JASIST	Resources
"Reducing digital divide effects through student engagement in coordinated game design, online resource use, and social computing activities in school"	"This study contributes to the literature by establishing an evidence base that gender, socioeconomic, achievement, and perhaps race and ethnicity gaps can be reduced through direct interventions such as these."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Understanding scientific collaboration in the research life cycle: Bio‐ and nanoscientists' motivations, information‐sharing and communication practices, and barriers to collaboration"	"By informing the motivations for, communication and information‐sharing practices of, and barriers to collaboration of scientists in their research life cycle, the findings of this study should contribute to the design of research support for scientists working together."	JASIST	Resources
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	This paper's contribution to the early but growing literature on the Wayback Machine concerns the approaches we used to identify and overcome these methodological issues. 	JASIST	Resources
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	"In particular, we put forth a six‐step process for accessing archived website information about SMEs, consisting of: (a) sampling, (b) organizing and defining the boundaries of the web crawl, (c) crawling, (d) website variable operationalization, (e) integration with other data sources, and (f) analysis. "	JASIST	Model Construction
Using the wayback machine to mine websites in the social sciences: A methodological resource	We conclude by pointing out the importance of automation and manual verification to maximize the value of the Wayback Machine for social science analysis.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"This study used “publication year” and “article similarity” as new factors in constructing the conceptual development trajectory model. This method can classify other concepts into suitable nodes, performing as the proposed model. Because the original main path analysis method identifies only the most core paths, this model was developed to prevent nodes from losing important information, which, in turn, can help in tracing the developmental trajectories of concepts."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"Using the map constructed by the proposed model, researchers can view main concepts as research highlights for a 3‐year period in a node. Furthermore, using these nodes, researchers can determine which topics are enduring and valuable, which ones are active and survive over time, and which ones are of transient interest only (i.e., flashes in the pan). But, the proposed method may still lose some quite relevant and important documents that without related articles continued publishing in the trajectory map during in 3 years, even if the probability is very low."	JASIST	Applications
Constructing conceptual trajectory maps to trace the development of research fields	"The extraction concepts used here not only represent the developmental trajectory of research concepts in a field, but also suggest keywords that new entrants can use to search precisely for those articles that interest them. This study's results confirmed that the proposed method can provide precise keywords that can be used by researchers to search for articles from large databases even when they lack the research front of a field."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A mixture model of global internet capacity distributions	"This study makes theoretical and methodological contributions relevant to scholars and policy makers working in the area of international communication networks and the digital divide. In particular, our development of a preferential attachment‐based mixture model of bandwidth allocation provides a more nuanced picture of the digital gaps across the globe and their implications for other aspects of society. The approaches used in this study may be applied to studying the digital divide within a country or society."	JASIST	Model Construction
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our first contribution is the development of a model of the media studies research cycle, which confirms earlier studies into the research cycle of humanities disciplines. Specifically, we found that the research cycle of media studies researchers shares similar activities as models developed to characterize the research cycle of literary critics and music scholars. We add to existing work by providing a detailed quantitative and qualitative analysis of the activities within the research cycle and how they interact. In particular, we found that information gathering and analysis activities are especially influential on research outcomes, which may be observed through changes in the research questions of media studies researchers."	JASIST	Model Construction
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our second contribution is an identification of three types of changes that research questions may undergo during a research project: (a) questions become more specific, (b) additional questions are added, (c) or a changed perspective in the research question. Reasons for the changes in research questions can be found in the observation that media studies researchers learn about the availability of material, discover trends in the material, or gain alternative views on a topic. The main activities during which these changes occur are information gathering and data analysis. This finding implies the growing importance of data and tools and their role in the development of the questions researchers ask."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	"Our third contribution is the identification of the role of information sources and tools during information gathering and analysis activities and how these factors affect researchers' questions. We found that media studies researchers turn to new information sources for contextualization on the web, for example, blogs, online fora, as well as a diverse set of sources accessible though individual search services, for example, newspapers and archives."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Media studies research in the data‐driven age: How research questions evolve	" Finally, we found that challenges of accessibility and discoverability of primary source materials remain a concern and require continued attention."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Social‐media‐based public policy informatics: Sentiment and network analyses of U.S. Immigration and border security	"The contributions of this research include a new framework for social‐media‐based public policy informatics, a proof‐of‐concept system called iMood that demonstrates the feasibility and functionality of sentiment discovery and network analysis in the U.S. immigration and border security discussion on Twitter, new reusable data sets on social‐media‐based public policy discussion that contains network and sentiment analyses findings, and new empirical findings of the discussion based on iMood's results."	JASIST	Model Construction
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	Our experiments with single users as well as pairs of users demonstrated that we could make reasonably accurate predictions in the early stage of their search process regarding their future performance (addressing RQ1).	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	"It was observed that features such as number of snippets, query specific features like length of query, number of tokens in query, and query entropy, were not significantly contributing to discriminating between the classes in the classification models at the early stages (t = 1,2,3) of the search process. This is because there were very few snippets/queries, which were used early during the process when a user is uncertain about the task at hand. In other words, query‐related features were found to be inadequate indicators of search performance in the beginning of an information‐seeking process."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Rain or shine? Forecasting search process performance in exploratory search tasks	"We also found that later during the process most of the features were found to be contributing significantly to the classification model (addressing RQ2). This finding helps to provide a better structure for process‐focused IR evaluations. Such evaluations could include those utilizing time‐series attributes of a search process in order to assess the effectiveness of a search system or a user, as well as predicting how the search process might look in the future. For instance, one could devise an evaluation metric that is time‐dependent in that it would measure and account for different forms of information objects and user actions for evaluating the goodness of the search process depending on the time (absolute and relative with the overall task)."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	"(a) a revisitation of the characterization reported in (Mourão et al., 2008), with the inclusion of a third data set belonging to a distinct and more dynamic domain, in order to strengthen the argument for the existence of such temporal effects;"	JASIST	Resources
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	" (b) the proposal of a method to enable a deeper and quantitative study of the aforementioned temporal effects, by means of a factorial experimental design aimed at uncovering how each temporal effect affects each TC algorithm and textual data set; and "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A quantitative analysis of the temporal effects on automatic text classification	"(c) an instantiation of that method using several data sets and TC algorithms, along with a detailed study regarding the impact of the temporal effects on them. Specifically, we focus on four traditional TC algorithms, namely, Rocchio, K Nearest Neighbors (KNN), Naïve Bayes and Support Vector Machine (SVM), and on three different and widely used textual collections covering long time periods, namely, ACM‐DL (22 consecutive years), MEDLINE (15 consecutive years), and finally, AG‐NEWS (573 consecutive days)."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	(a) We studied and characterized the citation‐based ranking performance given imperfect citation metadata.	JASIST	Resources
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	" (b) By using a real‐world scientific data set (ACM DL), we designed an innovative experiment to simulate different citation‐missing environments to verify the ranking performance. "	JASIST	Resources
Recovering uncaptured citations in a scholarly network: A two‐step citation analysis to estimate publication importance	(c) We employed a two‐step method to remedy the citation‐based ranking performance. The results of this study are important for real‐world scientific information retrieval or recommendation systems on both a theoretical and a practical level.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Indexing by Latent Dirichlet Allocation and an Ensemble Model†	"First, we present Indexing by latent Dirichlet allocation (LDI), an automatic document indexing method. Many ad hoc applications, or their variants with smoothing techniques suggested in LDA‐based language modeling, can result in unsatisfactory performance as the document representations do not accurately reflect concept space. To improve document retrieval performance, we introduce a new definition of document probability vectors in the context of LDA and present a novel scheme for automatic document indexing based on LDA. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Indexing by Latent Dirichlet Allocation and an Ensemble Model†	"Second, we propose an Ensemble Model (EnM) for document retrieval. EnM combines basic indexing models by assigning different weights and attempts to uncover the optimal weights to maximize the mean average precision. To solve the optimization problem, we propose an algorithm, which is derived based on the boosting method. The results of our computational experiments on benchmark data sets indicate that both the proposed approaches are viable options for document retrieval."	JASIST	Model Construction
The “total cost of publication” in a hybrid open‐access environment: Institutional approaches to funding journal article‐processing charges in combination with subscriptions	This article makes an early contribution to the process of capturing and analyzing those experiences. There is clearly a need to continue to monitor developments and subject them to rigorous scrutiny in order to inform future developments both in the United Kingdom and beyond.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Understanding collaborative search for places of interest	"the primary contribution of this paper is an investigation of collaborative behavior associated with local search for places of interest on mobile or nonmobile devices, including the prevalence of multiparty participation, collaboration settings, how it occurs, the difficulties that might be associated with it, and the group‐based, decision‐making process."	JASIST	Resources
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	"(a) to present the usefulness of expansion terms, we propose two term truth labeling strategies; "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	(b) we define a large set of term features and examine their effectiveness based on their different combinations; and 	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Assessment of learning to rank methods for query expansion	(c) we examine and compare several state‐of‐the‐art learning to rank methods for term refinement.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The decision to submit to a journal: Another example of a valence‐consistent Shift?	"In this article we contribute to this literature by investigating the relative weight attached to factors in a researcher's decision process, for authors active in the information sciences. "	JASIST	Resources
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	"Drawing on the information systems and information science literature, we contribute to research in the area by developing a model to examine the relationship between data quality and data reusers' satisfaction. Specifically, in this paper we report on a survey conducted among social scientists that reused data housed at the Inter‐University Consortium for Political and Social Research (ICPSR)."	JASIST	Model Construction
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	" Our study contributes to the data reuse literature by extending beyond merely highlighting what data quality attributes are important in the early stages of data reuse. By surveying social scientists retrospectively, our study contributes knowledge about what attributes influence satisfaction with the entire data reuse process. "	JASIST	Resources
Social scientists' satisfaction with data reuse	"Moreover, we contribute a complementary perspective on repository success that is rooted in data reusers' perceptions of their whole data reuse experience and offer suggestions about how repository staff might influence perceptions of data quality and thereby increase repository success. In the following sections of the paper, we contextualize our study through a literature review, introduce our research model, and discuss our research method. "	JASIST	Model Construction
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"The contribution of this study is that it looks simultaneously into five different academic fields and an interdisciplinary journal, where IBD has been used for large‐scale coauthorship network analysis. "	JASIST	Resources
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"In addition, with author numbers ranging from 12,000 to 24,000, which are almost the same or lower numbers than those used in previous large‐scale coauthorship network research, this study will provide an insight on the magnitude of the impact of IBD. "	JASIST	Resources
Distortive effects of initial‐based name disambiguation on measurements of large‐scale coauthorship networks	"Furthermore, this study investigates how much merging and splitting each affect the identification of (a) actual individuals (b) top authors in terms of productivity and popularity, with the latter being measured as number of coauthors. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a new strategy for improving word cloud generation for Twitter users by exploiting all the past user information to generate more personalized word clouds, which outperforms the state‐of‐the‐art method (which is nonpersonalized)."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a general framework to effectively combine three types of user information, that is, tweets written by a user, tweets retweeted, and tweets ignored by the user, for generation of personalized word cloud, and systematically examine the effectiveness of each type of user information."	JASIST	Model Construction
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	"We propose a new way of evaluating word clouds quantitatively based on tweet ranking, which can reveal subtle differences of different word clouds."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Personalized generation of word clouds from tweets	We evaluate the proposed methods and come up with the following findings: (a) The retweeted tweets by users are generally more useful than the tweets written by the user for word cloud generation. (b) The ignored tweets can also be exploited to further improve the quality of word clouds. (c) A combination of all the user information yields the best results.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Blocked: When the information is hidden by the visualization	This work makes a direct contribution to the understanding of the aspects of 3D visualizations that reduce or enhance their effectiveness. The understanding of these aspects contributes to the design and use of any 3D visualization in a way that helps users to better interact with information.	JASIST	Resources
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	In this paper we presented an empirical study designed to compare different types of online collaborative platforms in terms of their ability to mediate collaboration effectively in a collective forecasting task	JASIST	Theory Proposal
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	"We also found that the users of the hybrid CCSAV reported more limited deterioration in the collaborative performance compared to those using the plain argumentation platform, but the differences in the pairwise comparison among the tools were not significant after we discounted the nonindependence effect from the ANOVA results."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
On online collaboration and construction of shared knowledge: Assessing mediation capability in computer supported argument visualization tools	"inally, we propose a rigorous experimental design that could be replicated by other scholars with more groups and resources."	JASIST	Applications
Characteristics of tagging behavior in digitized humanities online collections	"The findings will contribute to understanding how humanities resources should be represented to support the needs of researchers, and shed light on designing a system that could support users of digital collections."	JASIST	Resources
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	" (1) A hypernetwork for social tagging is constructed in which nodes represent users, resources, and tags, and hyperedges represent tagging actions. Each hyperedge links one user, one resource, and one or more tags; this description is different from the single tag approach used in the current literature. "	JASIST	Model Construction
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(2) Quantitative measures for the constructed hypernetwork are defined for exploring tag usage patterns and regularities: the hyperdegree and its distribution, the excess average hyperdegree, and the hyperdegree conditional probability distribution. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(3) Based on the defined quantitative measures, the usage patterns and regularities of co‐employment of different popular tags and their correlations to the activeness of users and the interest level of resources are explored by conducting an empirical study using the data set from Delicious. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
How users employ various popular tags to annotate resources in social tagging: An empirical study	"(4) The empirical results are further discussed and explained by combining tag functions and motivations; thus, the implications and suggestions for tagging users and service providers of social tagging regarding the use of various popular tags are presented."	JASIST	Resources
A knowledge‐based approach to Information Extraction for semantic interoperability in the archaeology domain	 Major contributions include recognition of relevant entities using shallow parsing NLP techniques driven by a complimentary use of ontological and terminological domain resources and empirical derivation of context‐driven RE rules for the recognition of semantic relationships from phrases of unstructured text.	JASIST	Resources
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Given the high costs of deploying technologies in educational settings and a paucity of evidence regarding the benefits of children's use of tablet computers, this study contributes to the area of instructional technology, particularly regarding the factors that improve the effective interaction and engagement of children.
"	JASIST	Resources
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"First, what content is communicated between the child and the tablet computer: Is the aim of developers to promote the exploration of concepts; reinforce classroom instruction though practicing skills; and/or offer more fun and engaging formats for educational material, and what pedagogical approach are developers employing in the creation of the app?
"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Second, how is content communicated between the child and the tablet: Which features or capabilities of tablet computers are currently being exploited by developers in applications (e.g., gesture types) and which ones are not; to what extent are children able to successfully execute the input requests of the devices by hand‐/stylus‐based gestures; and can we determine whether or not the information transmitted to the child in the child‐tablet interaction is being understood by the child (i.e., when the tablet instructs a child to interact with a specific location on the screen, does the child understand the request)?

"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Intuitive or idiomatic: An interdisciplinary study of child‐tablet computer interaction	"Third, how engaged are children in the child‐tablet interaction and what factors influence this engagement? We compare different tablet computers to one another to assess whether engagement differs among the various types of tablet computers. It is important to note that, in a learning context, it is not desirable to separate children's interactions with a tablet computer from their interaction with a specific application. All educational content is accessed through an application, and as such, any analysis of child‐tablet interaction is, inherently, shaped by the application in use. Thus, the application should be factored into analyses of what content is communicated, how content is communicated, and whether children are engaged."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Data, ideology, and the developing critical program of social informatics"	the contribution of this article is to address and re‐evaluate the fundamental philosophical basis of how Social Informatics might approach a critique of ideology today in light of the developing relationship between computerization and society. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A relational altmetric? Network centrality on ResearchGate as an indicator of scientific impact	This paper contributes to the state of knowledge on social media use in academia by focusing on the latter question: We collected use data on the academic networking platform ResearchGate generated by members of the business department of a Swiss university to explore whether scientific impact could be estimated by applying a network analysis approach to social media data	JASIST	Dataset Creation 
A relational altmetric? Network centrality on ResearchGate as an indicator of scientific impact	" Our analysis thereby also contributes to the current debate on impact assessment employing online data (“altmetrics”) by adopting a relational, personal networking perspective (Priem & Hemminger, 2010). To date, network centrality measures derived from social network analysis of academic SNS have not been considered in the context of impact assessment. Our results, while based on a small, exploratory study, suggest that such measures do relate to established impact metrics and therefore might be helpful, at least in complementing existing forms of impact assessment."	JASIST	Resources
User experience with commercial music services: An empirical exploration	Our findings may help improve the design of music services and also expand our understanding of user needs.	JASIST	Resources
User experience with commercial music services: An empirical exploration	" In addition, we hope to contribute towards establishing a framework for evaluating the user experience specifically for music services."	JASIST	Model Construction
Indexing biomedical documents with a possibilistic network	" Our main contribution is to use a possibilistic network to extract concepts, which allowed estimation of the similarity between a document and a given concept, using two measures. "	JASIST	Applications
Indexing biomedical documents with a possibilistic network	"We also propose giving more importance to extracted terms with all their words in the same phrase. In addition, our contribution in step 3 is to keep only relevant concepts among those with a subset of the words of their RTs not occurring in the document by using the UMLS. "	JASIST	Model Construction
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"First, we formally define a new concept named QL for feedback documents. 
"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"Second, we introduce two assumptions of QL and propose two strategies to estimate the QL of feedback documents. This can help other researchers go further and make better use of the QL information. 
"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"A learning to rank approach for quality‐aware pseudo‐relevance feedback
"	"Finally, we integrate the QL factor into PRF and propose a learning‐to‐rank approach for quality‐aware PRF. Extensive experiments on five standard TREC (Text REtrieval Conference) data sets show that our proposed framework can outperform strong baselines significantly."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Interacting with archival finding aids	Results contribute to the archival science literature and also suggest ways to extend models of human information interaction.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A web analytics approach for appraising electronic resources in academic libraries	"One of the contributions from this research is the creation of advanced web metrics based on combining raw numbers such as JR1 frequencies, cost data, and funding areas. These advanced metrics will help in evaluating how successful the library is at meeting the goal of providing access to valuable content."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Can Amazon.com reviews help to assess the wider impacts of books?	"This study contributes a new altmetric source, Amazon.com book reviews (number, stars, and sentiments), and compares it with citation metrics (Thomson Reuters Book Citation Index and Google Books) and noncitation metrics (WorldCat.org and Mendeley) as well as Amazon.com sales ranks."	JASIST	Model Construction
Enhanced self‐citation detection by fuzzy author name matching and complementary error estimates	"First, I apply a fuzzy string matching algorithm for self‐citation detection and benchmark this approach and other common methods of exclusively author name‐based self‐citation detection against a manually curated ground truth sample. Near full recall can be achieved with the proposed method while incurring only negligible precision loss."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Enhanced self‐citation detection by fuzzy author name matching and complementary error estimates	" Second, I report some important observations from the results about the extent of latent self‐citations and their characteristics and give an example of the effect of improved self‐citation detection on the document level self‐citation rate of real data."	JASIST	Resources
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"First, Twitter messages are examined to assess perceptions of the personalities of candidates. Other studies sort messages about candidates into positive, neutral, and negative sentiment (Chung & Mustafaraj, 2011; Diakopoulos & Shamma, 2010; Gayo‐Avello, Metaxas, & Mustafaraj, 2011), but in this research a well‐established trait‐and‐personality lexicon of 110 terms is used that are then shown to form 14 dimensions. This gives both a fuller and a more fine‐grained analysis of how political personalities are viewed. To the best of our knowledge this is the first study of social media to examine views of the personalities of candidates."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"Second, the Twitter messages on personality perceptions are analyzed over time. This is to determine if the trends observed are consistent with intuitive expectations, given external events. For example, we examine trends around Obama's announcement of the auto bailouts in February 2012 and the October 2012 presidential debate.

"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Perceptions of presidential candidates' personalities in twitter	"Third, the method for extracting opinions on personality differs from the norms in political sentiment research, which we believe is an important contribution. A classifier‐based approach (e.g., Monti et al., 2013; Wang, Can, Kazemzadeh, Bar, & Narayanan, 2012; Younus et al., 2011) would be highly challenging, as it would require a classifier for each of 110 traits. A standard lexicon‐based count method (e.g., Chung & Mustafaraj, 2011; Gayo‐Avello et al., 2011; Kim & Yoo, 2012; Tumasjan, Sprenger, Sandner, & Welpe, 2010; Wu, Wong, Deng, & Chang, 2011) is risky in terms of accuracy. Instead, a high‐precision retrieval strategy built from a trait‐and‐personality lexicon widely used in political science research is developed. This high‐precision retrieval strategy is assessed for precision, recall, and F score (described later)."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	"For post classification, we propose features that utilize content of the post, structure of the discussion thread and properties of the participating users. Further, we also employ features based on sentiment analysis of the post text."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	We evaluate the effectiveness of the proposed features on data set derived from two real world forums belonging to different genres and achieve strong classification results using the proposed feature set. We also study the relative importance of individual feature types and analyze their performance on two different data sets.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Identifying the role of individual user messages in an online discussion and its use in thread retrieval	"As a use case for demonstrating the utility of identifying roles of user posts, we incorporate post class label information in a state‐of‐the‐art forum thread retrieval model and achieve statistically significant improvements in retrieval performance as measured by different metrics."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Question types and intermediary elicitations	"On the theoretical side, our work relates to two bodies of literature, question types and elicitations. Prior literature on question types motivates question classification in a number of ways, including shedding light on the nature of librarians' (or other intermediaries') jobs, and as an important first step in automated question answering (Pomerantz, 2005). It has also established question type as an antecedent of other important variables, such as search styles (White & Iivonen, 2001) and the effectiveness of retrieval methods (Keyes, 1996). We contribute to this literature by showing question type as influencing the kinds of clarifications that must be made to provide a good answer. These details have direct practical application to the design of semi‐automated question answering systems, as well as guidance for human intermediaries.

"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Question types and intermediary elicitations	"Our work also contributes to the literature on elicitations. Prior literature motivates the importance of elicitation classifications as guiding the design of semi‐automated question‐answering systems (Belkin et al., 1987) and as helpful to training and guiding human intermediaries (Ingwersen, 1992). However, with a few exceptions (e.g., White & Iivonen, 2001) prior literature on elicitations has been mostly descriptive and has not established their causal relationships with other variables. Our study contributes tentative models that relate elicitations to question types, as well as prices. This also opens the door to further research on the value of intermediary elicitations. A practical implication of the relationship between elicitations and price is the feasibility of using question type as the basis for establishing prices for question‐answer services."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Content‐based image retrieval methods and professional image users	"Because user studies in the area of CBIR technologies have been limited (Datta, Joshi, Li, & Wang, 2008; Enser, 2008; Graham, 2004; Kherfi, Ziou, & Bernardi, 2004), this study's primary contribution is its first‐hand accounts of potential users' ideas concerning these systems."	JASIST	Resources
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"First, the simulation results show that the rate of forgetting has a significant negative effect on stakeholders' perceptions and the incremental rate of NAI has a positive effect on the maximum level of stakeholders' perceptions and a negative effect on the duration of stakeholder perceptions. Additionally, the rate of diffusion of the disaster messages cannot change overall stakeholder perceptions if the target population is the same. "	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"Second, there are delay effects, stagnation effects, and cumulation effects in the evolution of stakeholders' perceptions. The delay effect refers to the maximum number of stakeholders' perceptions that occurs after the peak in the number of daily disaster messages. The stagnation effect shows that stakeholders' perceptions rise rapidly and decline slowly. The cumulative effect means that stakeholders' perceptions of a second event will merge into their perceptions of a previous event when the second one occurs before memories of the first one decay. "	JASIST	Resources
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	"Third, there is a spike at the beginning of the profile of stakeholders' perceptions with the Damped Exponential Model in which stakeholders' perceptions immediately jump to a high level."	JASIST	Resources
The evolution of stakeholders' perceptions of disaster: A model of information flow	" Finally, the maximum level of stakeholders' perceptions appears later for the Damped Exponential Model than for the Normal Model."	JASIST	Resources
The three dimensions of website navigability: Explication and effects	"First, we propose and provide an explication of navigability that is not unidimensional, but identifies three components of navigability on the basis of the existing literature. "	JASIST	Resources
The three dimensions of website navigability: Explication and effects	"Second, we examine the validity of this explication by manipulating these three dimensions orthogonally in an organizational website and testing their individual and aggregate impacts on user experiences and perceptions."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A new approach for main path analysis: Decay in knowledge diffusion	"First, it suggests that one should reconsider the previous assumption that knowledge emanates without any decay in main path analysis and provides alternatives to that end. The new decay approach is closer to real‐world situations and therefore finds more reasonable main paths. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A new approach for main path analysis: Decay in knowledge diffusion	"Second, this study provides a methodological formulation and highlights the properties of the new approach, thus providing a sound basis for further development of main path analysis."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Classifying Twitter favorites: Like, bookmark, or Thanks?"	"The first contribution of this work lies in identifying five categories of favorites usage (i.e., like, bookmark, thanks, conversational, and self‐promotion), three of which have not been studied in related work. Moreover, this adds a new dimension of classifying Twitter users, because their favoriting behavior is consistent over time, that is, some users are likers, whereas others are bookmarkers. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Classifying Twitter favorites: Like, bookmark, or Thanks?"	"Another important contribution is an automatic method for favorites classification, which demonstrates a high degree of success in automatically matching human judgments in classifying favorites according to usage type."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An exploratory study of the information‐seeking activities of adolescents in a discussion forum	"This can contribute to both educational psychology and library and information science. Understanding the benefits that adolescents gain from using forums to satisfy their information needs and the potential limits or risks contributes to identification of the developmental implications of Internet use (Subrahmanyam & Smahel, 2011)."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
An exploratory study of the information‐seeking activities of adolescents in a discussion forum	" Furthermore, it can be useful for proposing guidelines to teenagers and educational programs to support their social development or to improve their information literacy."	JASIST	Resources
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"First, most previous studies used a quantitative approach to explore the usage patterns among microbloggers. These studies crawled data from microblogging sites and used social network analysis to explore how and why people used microblogging. In this study, a different approach was adopted, and an online survey was conducted to identify key motivations for microblogging and to examine how the fulfillment of these motivations affected user satisfaction. This study triangulated the results and provided empirical support for the hypothesis that people use microblogging as an information‐broadcasting platform, rather than as a social networking site. In addition, the empirical investigation demonstrated the relative importance of various antecedent factors for user satisfaction. This study adds to the limited studies on microblogging usage and provides a platform for future research.

"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"Second, the U&G framework was used to identify the four major types of motivations for microblogging. Specifically, we identified and proposed a new form of motivation (i.e., technology gratifications) that is specific to microblogging. The results suggest that the U&G framework provides a good start for an investigation of the use of new media. However, the results also show that traditional dimensions in the U&G framework do not adequately explain new types of social media. For instance, some widely recognized motivations, such as social gratifications and process gratifications, were not found to be significant in the context of microblogging. Thus, there is a need to explore and validate new dimensions for different types of media.
"	JASIST	Model Optimization
User satisfaction with microblogging: Information dissemination versus social networking	"
Finally, a higher‐order factor model of user satisfaction with microblogging was developed. Social scientists have advocated the use of a hierarchical factor structure for the study of human judgment (Harlow & Newcomb, 1990; Marsh & Hocevar, 1985). They argue that a higher‐order factor model can capture overall user evaluations through the underlying commonality among dimensions in the second‐order factor. In addition, they suggest that a higher‐order factor model alleviates the multicollinearity that may be present among the observed variables and the first‐order unobservable constructs (Reddy & Labarbera, 1985; Weeks, 1980). This was one of the few studies to investigate user satisfaction using a composite latent variable approach (except Cheung and Lee [2008]). Future studies should consider this model structure."	JASIST	Model Construction
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	a study of the impact of cold start on associative tag recommendation;	JASIST	Resources
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	the use of negative and positive feedback as a means to mitigate the problem;	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	the introduction of relevance feedback to an existing GP‐based tag recommendation method; and	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
On cold start for associative tag recommendation	"a thorough evaluation of our proposed methods, which includes original analyses of the sensitivity of the proposed methods to the lack of user cooperation and user reliability."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"In comparison with available models (Anandan et al., 2012; Cumby & Ghani, 2011), which assume that all risky terms (sensitive entities or related terms) have been identified a priori, our proposal automatizes both the detection of terms that can disclose sensitive data via semantic inferences and their protection. This relieves human sanitizers from manually identifying related terms, which has been identified as one of the most difficult and time‐consuming challenges (Bier et al., 2009; Gordon, 2013). To do so, our model considers, as human sanitizers do, the semantic relationships by which terms or combinations of terms appearing in a document would disclose sensitive information via semantic inferences. Moreover, our proposal automatizes both the redaction and sanitization of risky terms. Hence, it facilitates the design of automatic methods that cover the whole sanitization/redaction task."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Our approach offers a flexible and intuitive way of setting the privacy requirements in specific scenarios, by stating what is considered sensitive and up to which degree it should be hidden. Contrary to models like t‐plausibility (Anandan et al., 2012), it offers a clear and a priori privacy guarantee on how sensitive entities will be protected, which does not depend on the document size or the number of sensitive entities. Moreover, the privacy criterion can be set using intuitive linguistic labels rather than abstract numbers. As a result, the model can be easily and straightforwardly instantiated according to current legislations and regulations on data privacy (Department for a Healthy New York, 2013; Department of Health and Human Services, 2000; Health Privacy Project, 2013; Legal Information Institute, 2013; Terry & Francis, 2007; European Parliament and the Council of the EU, 1995), whose rules are also expressed linguistically (e.g., disease names, locations, etc.). Finally, our model supports both anonymity and confidentiality, thus enabling its application in scenarios in which identities should be hidden (Department of Health and Human Services, 2000) and in which confidential attributes should be protected (Health Privacy Project, 2013)."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Contrary to privacy models derived from k‐anonymity (Cumby & Ghani, 2011; Chakaravarthy et al., 2008), our proposal supports the sanitization of individual documents, which is very convenient when managing heterogeneous sets of documents or in environments in which input documents are produced sequentially (e.g., e‐mails from an individual's mail account)."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
C‐sanitized: A privacy model for document redaction and sanitization	"Contrary to t‐plausibility (Anandan et al., 2012), our model does not require a knowledge base to protect the input document, even though its availability will contribute to improve the utility of the sanitized output."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The invariant distribution of references in scientific articles	"This study contributes to this literature by studying references found in scientific papers in relation to the categories of the IMRaD structure of scientific papers (introduction, methods, results, and discussion). "	JASIST	Resources
A new approach to the QS university ranking using the composite I‐distance indicator: Uncertainty and sensitivity analyses	"We propose an alternative approach to creating QS scores, which is referred to as the composite I‐distance indicator (CIDI) methodology. The main contribution is the proposal of a composite indicator weights correction based on the CIDI methodology. It leads to the improved stability and reduced uncertainty of the QS ranking system. The CIDI methodology is also applicable to other university rankings by proposing a specific statistical approach to creating a composite indicator."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
The extraction of community structures from publication networks to support ethnographic observations of field differences in scientific communication	" In this article we report first results using network analytic methods to reveal community structures within scientific fields, thereby contributing to the literature about the mapping of research specialties recently reviewed by Morris and Van der Veer Martens (2008)."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	The primary contribution of this article is a theory‐driven approach to ontology development that supports semantic augmentation of digital traces.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	" Specifically, we argue that (a) activity theory can be used to develop more insightful conceptual models of ill‐defined activities, "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	"which (b) can be used to inform the development of an ontology, and "	JASIST	Resources
Making sense of digital traces: An activity theory driven ontological approach	(c) that this ontology can be used to guide the semantic augmentation of digital traces for making sense of phenomena. 	JASIST	Resources
The intellectual characteristics of the information field: Heritage and substance	 The present study supports and clarifies some of the existing heuristics and formal conceptualizations and provides additional empirical evidence to shed light on the IField phenomenon. 	JASIST	Resources
The intellectual characteristics of the information field: Heritage and substance	The research method and process yield a rich set of classifications that can be used in future studies. 	JASIST	Resources
Investigating religious information searching through analysis of a search engine log	The main contribution of this study is an analysis of users' searching behavior when locating religion‐related information.	JASIST	Resources
Statistical common author networks	"We have described the development and execution of a novel method of visualizing scientific areas by looking at common authors, which is valuable in the study of emerging interdisciplinary areas. The links in this network are a function of how easily the methods and training in one area can contribute to work in a related area"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	The main contribution of this article is in offering a new conceptualization and methods to automatically organize and derive meaning from the increasing volume of online information. 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	"Moreover, by analyzing a much longer period than previous studies, we could offer a more comprehensive understanding of the changes in the representation of the world."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Is the world getting flatter? A new method for examining structural trends in the news	A more theoretical contribution of this article is in explaining why some previous studies focused on hierarchical and others on flat information structures. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Reliability and validity of query intent assessments	"Our work is an important contribution to the field of query intent classification because (a) the reliability and validity of intent annotations are indicators for the suitability of these annotations as test data for automatic intent annotation, and "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Reliability and validity of query intent assessments	(b) our multidimensional intent classification scheme reveals which aspects of search intent are likely to be more appropriate for automatic classification and which are expected to be less appropriate. We intend to make our data set publicly available.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"First, we investigate how the term proximity models perform in the blog environment because the above four models provide comprehensive coverage of the existing term proximity models. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"Second, we conduct extensive and thorough experiments to examine the performance gain of proximity‐based models in the blogosphere. Given the results, we conclude that the use of the term proximity information is highly beneficial to retrieval from the heterogeneous blogosphere. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Utilizing term proximity for blog post retrieval	"Finally, we experiment with the opinionated proximity model to further investigate the usefulness of the proximity between query terms and opinionated words in a blog post."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Information systems attachment: An empirical exploration of its antecedents and its impact on community participation	"This study contributes theoretically and empirically to the body of IS use research and has managerial implications, suggesting that although superior performance is a necessary condition for attachment formation, improving users' experience through expressive visual aesthetics and personalization is critical to build strong attachment relationships with users."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Deriving query suggestions for site search	"First, it demonstrates how to systematically evaluate query suggestions (before assessing them in a live system)."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Deriving query suggestions for site search	" Second, the systematic evaluation of a comprehensive list of log‐based query suggestion methods over a local website is of significance. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
On the assessment of expertise profiles	"The release of a test collection for assessing expert profiling—the TU expert collection—plus a critical assessment and analysis of this test collection. Test collections support the continuous evaluation and improvement of retrieval models by researchers and practitioners, in this case, in the field of expertise retrieval."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
On the assessment of expertise profiles	"Insights into the performance of current expert‐profiling systems through an extensive error analysis, plus a content analysis of feedback of experts on the generated profiles. These insights lead to recommendations for improving expertise profiling systems."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
On the assessment of expertise profiles	Insights into the differences in evaluation outcomes between evaluating the two sets of ground truth released with this article. This will allow researchers and practitioners in the field of expertise retrieval to understand the performance of their own systems better.	JASIST	performance Evaluation
You scratch someone's back and we'll scratch yours: Collective reciprocity in social Q&A communities	The study contributes to enhancing our understanding of reciprocal behavior in online spaces and provides empirical evidence to support the collective reciprocity premise.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The effect of ad rank on the performance of keyword advertising campaigns	"We believe that the research presented here is a valuable contribution to the growing area of study in the sponsored search and keyword advertising area. As well as its academic value, our study is also of practical worth for advertisers currently engaged in online advertising campaigns by providing them a number of ad placement strategies."	JASIST	Resources
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"First, we present an improved and holistic e‐mail leakage detection approach that analyzes the overall information flow through e‐mail in the organization."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	" Second, this method employs an enhanced text‐analysis algorithm suitable for identifying similar topics and sensitive content in e‐mail. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"Third, the proposed approach can analyze e‐mail sent between two users with no prior e‐mail exchange on a specific sensitive topic, and therefore yields better detection results. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Analyzing group E‐mail exchange to detect data leakage	"Finally, the proposed approach is more relaxed in terms of privacy because the model is generated based on information about groups of users and their common topics, rather than the exact communication links."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Tracing the footprint of knowledge spillover: Evidence from U.S.–China collaboration in nanotechnology	"Past literature has not been able to investigate adequately the impact of knowledge spillover on nanotechnology development. One challenge is the difficulty of empirically measuring spillovers. Unlike the previous literature, which adopts only citation‐based indicators to examine such an impact, this study also experiments with a new method of identifying the unique research stream(s) of an individual scientist and of determining whether any discontinuity in the research topic is correlated with an international collaboration."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge popularity in a heterogeneous network: Exploiting the contextual effects of document popularity in knowledge management systems	"This paper contributes to the extant literature on knowledge popularity by identifying contextual attributions of knowledge, and empirically tests the impact of their interactions on knowledge popularity."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"First, even with the same citation network topology, different publications can make different contributions (i.e., have different authority) to different scientific topics. In addition, topic authorities can be nonuniformly distributed to other cited publications in terms of the citation topic distributions' inferred transitioning probabilities. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"Second, unlike classical, unsupervised topic modeling algorithms, the topics in this research are associated with scientific keywords (supervised learning), which can help to interpret and evaluate the results. "	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Full‐text citation analysis: A new method to enhance scholarly networks	"Last, because we utilize full‐text citation analysis, one paper can have more than one citation edge with the other paper. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Improving polarity classification of bilingual parallel corpora combining machine learning and semantic orientation approaches	"The main contribution of this article is to show how the combination of ML and SO over a parallel corpus is a promising approach that obtains higher performance than when we use them separately. Although the ML approach is very well‐known, the use of SWN is not so well known among the OM community. We feel that SWN is a very valuable resource and should be used. In addition, there are not many works dealing with Arabic resources, so the handling of the OCA and the EVOCA corpora introduces some novelty in the OM area."	JASIST	Model optimization
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	" the first contribution of our work is the proposal of an emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for representing text for polarity and intensity classification purposes. To verify that our model allows for improvements over conventional approaches, the model proposed is implemented and tested on two different types of texts: news headlines and hotel reviews. The results are next compared with those achieved by two state‐of‐art systems based on polar expressions. We conclude that modeling the effect of modifiers from an emotional perspective significantly increases accuracy in polarity and intensity classification.

"	JASIST	Model Construction
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	"The second contribution relates to the study of modality. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work that presents an exhaustive discussion on the different uses of modality in SA, and analyzes and measures the effect of the various modal forms on the emotions affected by them.

"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"An emotion‐based model of negation, intensifiers, and modality for polarity and intensity classification"	"Finally, this article also studies and quantifies the separate effect of negation, intensifiers, and modality in different classification tasks and data sets as well as the joint effect of such modifiers. An interesting and novel finding is that synergies exist between them, so that the effect of combining modifiers is usually more than the sum of their effects alone."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The use of different information and communication technologies to support knowledge sharing in organizations: From e‐mail to micro‐blogging	"First, in our investigation, we paid attention not only to how each tool helps reduce challenges in knowledge sharing but also to how the different tools relate to each other in serving employees′ work needs."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The use of different information and communication technologies to support knowledge sharing in organizations: From e‐mail to micro‐blogging	"Second, in comparing ICTs, we connect behavioral research on knowledge management with empirical studies on ICT design. Even in the design‐driven human–computer interaction (HCI) research community, there has been a clear trend since the ethnographic study by McDonald and Ackerman (1998) on how organizational knowledge gets created and shared. Because knowledge management is deeply social in nature (Thomas, Kellogg, & Erickson, 2001), we believe that making such a connection between behavioral research and tool design can make a valuable contribution to the HCI research community, because the absence of such a connection may result in a proliferation of tools that do not necessarily address real‐life work challenges."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The roles of bridging and bonding in social media communities	"First, this study empirically examines the relationship between bridging and bonding. Although prior studies suggest bridging is intertwined with bonding in concept (Burt, 2000), they did not conduct experimental studies and test the relationship between bridging and bonding quantitatively. Our study is one of the first studies to empirically investigate the association between bridging and bonding.

"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The roles of bridging and bonding in social media communities	"Second, this study conducts an in‐depth investigation of the roles of bonding and bridging as social capital in shaping information exchange in a virtual community. Extant studies examine knowledge contribution in virtual communities, but the role of information exchange is not well studied. This study attempts to go beyond past studies by looking at two aspects of user contribution, information quantity and information quality."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
What happens to computer science research after it is published? Tracking CS research lines	"By contrasting the journal and the conference samples, we also intend to contribute to the ongoing debate about the roles of those media in the field of computer science."	JASIST	Resources
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	"We proposed a generic TSDW framework. TSDW is able to accommodate different semantic relatedness measures for Wikipedia in different languages, making it suitable for different application settings."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	TSDW exploits the semantic context of both unambiguous and ambiguous keyphrases with a two‐stage disambiguator. The valuable semantic information contained in the ambiguous keyphrases can help alleviate the data sparsity problem encountered by using the unambiguous keyphrases alone.	JASIST	Application
TSDW: Two‐stage word sense disambiguation using Wikipedia	"To the best of our knowledge, this work is the first to study the performance of existing state‐of‐the‐art approaches and TSDW using data sets in multiple (two) languages, English and Traditional Chinese, in terms of both effectiveness and efficiency. This has significant implications for any future related works."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	The contributions of our work are: (1) the identification of a novel problem; 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	(2) the algorithm that combines the suggestions of the basic text and image processing methods in a way that improves the overall system performance; and	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Image retrieval from scientific publications: Text and image content processing to separate multipanel figures	 (3) the evaluation of feasibility of the proposed automated multipanel figure segmentation solution. 	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Session analysis of people search within a professional social network	"In contrast with all the previous researches introduced above, in this article, we contribute to the existing literature by performing session identification and analysis particularly for the domain of people search within a professional social network. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
"“Keep it secret, keep it safe”: Information poverty, information norms, and stigma"	 Our research contributes to human information behavior scholarship on marginalized groups and to Internet studies research on how communities negotiate collective norms of information sharing online.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Work and personal e‐mail use by university employees: PIM practices across domain boundaries	"Our results will contribute to understanding how individual differences and job roles may influence e‐mail management, with implications for tool customization and organizational e‐mail policies. In addition, because much of the existing research from the PIM perspective has focused on e‐mail management in work contexts, our study gives valuable insights about personal e‐mail management practices. To the best of our knowledge, no other study has specifically examined work versus personal e‐mail management practices across the same group of participants."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Work and personal e‐mail use by university employees: PIM practices across domain boundaries	"Our results will also help in understanding ways that e‐mail may contribute to boundary permeation, with implications for researchers and workers interested in work/life balance and organizational e‐mail policies."	JASIST	Resources
In their own image? a comparison of doctoral students' and faculty members' referencing behavior	This study contributes to our understanding of age stratification in science and provides insight on the implications of age differences for the trajectory of scholarly communication.	JASIST	Resources
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	In methodical terms the main contribution of this study is the development of an agent‐based simulation of the scholarly publishing market that comprises typical actions of the market participants as well as the interplay between them. 	JASIST	Model Construction
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"Furthermore, this study contributes to theory of agent‐based modeling by developing and documenting an example of how the emergence of macrolevel outcomes can be achieved as a consequence of well‐defined and plausible sociological microprocesses."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"We also contributed to the theory of complex networks by showing how power‐law network emergence based on accumulative advantage can be induced without explicitly modeling the mechanism of preferential attachment (which would be much simpler, because it requires only few lines of code). "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"This study contributes to theories related to OA in different ways, for example, by substantiating the argument of a citation advantage of OA articles. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Exploring the effects of a transition to open access: Insights from a simulation study	"The practical contribution of this research stems from the integration of all market players. Of course, besides our stakeholders, we particularly seek to provide researchers and the public with guidance concerning publishing policies."	JASIST	Resources
Inducing terminologies from text: A case study for the consumer health domain	(1) our input text is a corpus of definitions automatically extracted from consumer‐oriented articles using our system DEFINDER 	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Inducing terminologies from text: A case study for the consumer health domain	"(2) the grammar is learned from a small amount of training data (training corpus in Figure 2) rather than hand‐written, as in most traditional deep language understanding systems."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	" First, it offers a new method of creating cyberlearning‐based scientific referential metadata for education. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	"Second, this research provides a generalizable methodology using sophisticated information retrieval and meta‐search algorithms to create scientific referential or cyberlearning metadata."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Generating metadata for cyberlearning resources through information retrieval and meta‐search	" Third, we employed user evaluation to validate the usefulness of different types of cyberlearning metadata and resource aggregation ranking algorithms."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	" First, we propose a learning to rank–based framework that can take into account rich features for boosting language model in information retrieval (LMIR) performance. "	JASIST	Model Construction
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	"Second, we explore different features that may affect ranking performance, which are extracted from different parameters and smoothing methods of LMIR, and different fields of documents. "	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Learning to rank using smoothing methods for language modeling	"Finally, we conduct extensive and systematic experiments over three standard IR test collections."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
The ripple effect: Citation chain reactions of a nobel prize	The results contribute to our understanding of the citation impact pre‐ and post‐Nobelist as well as the citation impact of references in publications by a Nobelist.	JASIST	Resources
Evaluating the success of vocabulary reconciliation for cultural heritage collections	 our paper is a helpful contribution to catalyze experimentation with integrated and topic‐oriented navigation among heterogeneous collections within the cultural heritage sector.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
On ranking relevant entities in heterogeneous networks using a language‐based model	" novel algorithm, called BibRank, for bi‐entity ranking in a heterogeneous bibliographic network. The algorithm integrates topical and content‐based features into a ranking model by providing insight on the global connexion between embedded homogeneous subnetworks. In the case of relationships between authors and documents, we introduce an author's scientific production representativeness to document topic and the document representativeness of an author's scientific production using a language model‐based measure. In the case of relationships between entities of the same type, we propose to discredit marginal citations measured by topical common interest between them considering the query topic.
"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
On ranking relevant entities in heterogeneous networks using a language‐based model	An intensive comparative evaluation with different state‐of‐the‐art ranking models. We empirically show that the BibRank model outperforms significantly closely related ranking models.	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"First, it presents robust quantitative material on the structural characteristics of a formally uniform but informally differentiated national system of HEIs from a rich and publicly available source, so far surprisingly unexploited for this purpose. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"Second, it contextualizes and interprets these data and thus presents a solidly validated macrolevel case study, going beyond the somewhat simplified claim that the Swedish system is binary and reaching other, more nuanced conclusions. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Analyzing structural stratification in the Swedish higher education system: Data contextualization with policy‐history analysis	"Third, it highlights and discusses some opportunities and limitations of combining macrolevel quantitative figures on HEIs with historically oriented analysis of national research policy."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	"We start by synthesizing existing literature from four distinct research areas—media and communications studies, sociology of art, aesthetics, and systematic musicology—in order to establish connections between the evolution of recording practices and technological advances (Part I). "	JASIST	Resources
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	We then document the impact of the economic development of the recording industry on studio practices (Part II).	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The impact of technological advances on recording studio practices	 Part III offers a perspective of world‐renowned practitioners on the advancement of their profession.	JASIST	Resources
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	We have shown that the rate of retraction is increasing based on the numbers of retraction notices and the total number of publications found in PubMed.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	We have shown that many retracted articles are highly cited with hundreds of citations and are often part of active areas of research. These findings underline the urgency of identifying the extent to which they pose a threat to the credibility of the literature.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	Retracting these articles alone is unlikely to completely eliminate the risk from the scientific literature because new publications may still unknowingly extend a citation trail originating from a retracted article.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A visual analytic study of retracted articles in scientific literature	"More important, verifying the validity of such citation trails is likely to become increasingly challenging as more publications become attached to the trails and as researchers take their validity for granted. New visual analytic tools provide a useful support."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Topic familiarity and information skills in online credibility evaluation	"The main contribution of this study is that the enabling character of domain expertise and information skills has been demonstrated, together with the influence of the corresponding information features on trust. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"A probabilistic generative model is proposed to simulate user tagging behavior and interest. Both social content information and social interaction information are naturally incorporated into the model. Intrinsically, a community forms because its users communicate frequently and share similar topics. The proposed model attempts to find the best trade‐off between high connectivity and high topical similarity among users in a community."	JASIST	Model Construction
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"User‐generated tags and the contents of the tagged resources are considered indicators of user interest. In social tagging systems, it is intuitive to consider user‐generated tags as indicators of interest. Moreover, the resources that users tag also are important factors influencing the generation of the corresponding tags. How to incorporate more information into the exploration of meaningful communities is worth investigating."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Topical community detection from mining user tagging behavior and interest	"Topical communities are discovered based on the proposed model, which has important research implications for personalized information services such as recommendations."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Capitalizing on order effects in the bids of peer‐reviewed conferences to secure reviews by expert referees	"This work contributes to the integrity of peer review, which is mandatory to maintain public trust in science."	JASIST	Resources
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	extending the extant research in evaluating e‐books by developing a nomological model incorporating a wide number of factors that constitute the current context of e‐book use.	JASIST	Model Construction
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	The development and validation of an e‐book TTF construct in a model validating the efficacy of the TTF model in measuring perceived fit of e‐books to academic tasks.	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Application of the task‐technology fit model to structure and evaluate the adoption of E‐books by Academics	"The findings confirm that the task of academics, technology characteristics, and individual characteristics significantly influence e‐books TTF, which again influences an academic's use of e‐books and overall performance. However, the findings indicate that further research is required in identifying additional dimensions of fit."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	Our work is the first attempt to apply a geotemporal pseudo‐relevance feedback by extracting and modeling both geographic and temporal query contexts and exploiting those contexts for boosting the retrieval performance. 	JASIST	Model Construction
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	"Although most previous work focuses on inferring a unique geographic or temporal query answer either using external resources such as dbpedia (Cardoso & Silva, 2010) or directly from the query keywords (Berberich et al., 2010; Cardoso & Silva, 2010; Machado et al., 2010), our approach infers a multivarying geographic and temporal query intent."	JASIST	Model Construction
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	"In terms of geographic and temporal document ranking, most previous work judges the temporal/geographic relevancy of a document based on its temporal or geographic properties (Berberich et al., 2010; Harris, 2010; Kanhabua & Nørvåg, 2010; Kishida, 2010) by ignoring the query preferences"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	(a) We propose a probabilistic‐like matching model to compute geographic and temporal document scores. Our ranking model takes into account the frequency of geographic or temporal elements in the document and its relative importance in the top k documents.	JASIST	Model Construction
"Modeling geographic, temporal, and proximity contexts for improving geotemporal search"	(b) We integrate a geotemporal proximity score for improving the search. Our work is the first attempt to exploit proximity scoring in geotemporal search. 	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	"A discussion of the motivation for creating a prototype literature exploration tool, its sophisticated design, and the challenges involved;"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	The novel integration of visualization with text analysis of citation texts and multi‐document summarization;	JASIST	performance Evaluation
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	Results from early evaluations that demonstrate the effectiveness of our multiple coordinated view design for exploring collections of papers; and	JASIST	Resources
"Rapid understanding of scientific paper collections: Integrating statistics, text analytics, and visualization"	A set of user requirements and evaluation recommendations for future systems we realized through our evaluations.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Evaluating the performance of geographical locations within scientific networks using an aggregation—randomization—re‐sampling approach (ARR)	This article aims to contribute to the recent discussion in spatial scientometrics and proposes a simple and reproducible step‐by‐step introduction of a method for testing the significance of geographical network structures at flexible scales.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Mining a multilingual association dictionary from Wikipedia for cross‐language information retrieval	"First, we extend the HAL theory to a cross‐language scenario. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Mining a multilingual association dictionary from Wikipedia for cross‐language information retrieval	"Second, we propose a novel graph‐based approach to model the cross‐language word associations in the context of Wikipedia, and apply graph‐based techniques to estimate word associations. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Sentiment analysis of twitter audiences: Measuring the positive or negative influence of popular twitterers	"The primary contribution of this work is that this measure of influence on Twitter can be used as an indicator to identify real‐world audience sentiments, providing new insights into influence and a better understanding of popular users. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The structure of argument patterns on a social Q&A site	The main contribution of the present study is the empirical specification of the ways in which argument patterns are structured in Q&A discussions. 	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	"The first contribution of this work is that it provides evidence that stands in stark opposition to Nardi and O'Day's claim, at least in terms of contemporary information tools."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	A second contribution of this work is that it offers the field of information science an example of a longitudinal ethnography of information tool use outside the workplace.	JASIST	Resources
Sustainable information practice: An ethnographic investigation	"The third area of contribution, and one that points most clearly to future work, is that the project highlights challenges to information practice adaptation that the field of information science is well poised to address. "	JASIST	Resources
A conversation analytic study of actual and potential problems in communication in library chat reference interactions	"Our study contributes to this discussion of effective communication in online reference interactions by using a conversation analytic framework to understand what types of potential or actual problems in understanding occur between librarians and patrons in chat reference interactions, how these problems are displayed in the interaction, and how they are resolved. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Social tagging is no substitute for controlled indexing: A comparison of Medical Subject Headings and CiteULike tags assigned to 231,388 papers"	our article contributes an initial set of methods for comparing social tags to MeSH terms and for generating high‐quality tags from a raw folksonomy	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	Our study contributes to citation analysis by exploring some sophisticated methods and designs. 	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"First, our study, to the bets of our knowledge, is the first attempt to adopt a multilevel analytical approach to disentangle the impact of article‐ and journal‐level factors on citations."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"Second, although it has been recognized that factors affecting citations are interrelated and their influences may be a “second‐order” effect (Peters & van Raan, 1994), very few previous studies have seriously taken this into account empirically. "	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Where you publish matters most: A multilevel analysis of factors affecting citations of internet studies	"Our study systematically examines interaction effects of journal‐level factors on the impacts of article‐level factors, with some interesting patterns observed"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Information behavior in stages of exercise behavior change	The study reported here aims to contribute to this body of research by augmenting the TTM with the concepts of information behavior in the context of physical activity in general and exercise behavior in particular.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Information behavior in stages of exercise behavior change	"This study contributes to the body of research conducted in the field of information science by increasing the understanding of the information behavior of young men in the context of physical activity and exercise, which to date has rarely been investigated. "	JASIST	Resources
A new approach for measuring the value of patents based on structural indicators for ego patent citation networks	The major point of our contribution is to propose a theory of structural indicators using a multilayered approach to study the technological value of a patent in its ego PCN.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Analysis and synthesis of metadata goals for scientific data	This study is intended to contribute to further understanding of metadata‐related goals and needs articulated by scientific communities and relies on documentary evidence in the form of publications and scheme implementation files. 	JASIST	Resources
"Web query disambiguation using PageRank
"	"We contribute to the Web information‐seeking problem by providing a simple, but novel, approach that aims at resolving the sense of search queries based on the PageRank values (Langville & Meyer, 2006) of the pages retrieved for every query sense. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	"We contribute to the literature by providing a distinctive computational framework for the use of researchers from various fields who are willing to work on complex, dynamic networks and merge content analysis and field expertise with dynamic network data. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	"To the best of our knowledge, this study is the first study to apply dynamic network analysis techniques on open‐source research literature to assess the nuclear weaponization capabilities of countries remotely, introducing a novel application area for the field of dynamic network analysis."	JASIST	Resources
Analyzing scientific networks for nuclear capabilities assessment	" In this article, we make a unique contribution that is geared towards bridging this gap. In particular, we provide a method of representing technical nuclear weaponization knowledge as standalone entities (nodes) in social networks. Therefore, our method demonstrates how technical nuclear experts can contribute to interdisciplinary research projects (e.g., dynamic network analysis on complex digital coauthorship networks) that do not fall primarily in their field. "	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
The measurement of “interdisciplinarity” and “synergy” in scientific and extra‐scientific collaborations	"In this study, we discuss recent advances in the operationalization and measurement of “interdisciplinarity,” and propose a methodology for measuring “synergy” based on information theory"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Innovation adoption: Broadcasting versus virality	"broadcasting and virality have similar diffusion power, but play different roles across diffusion stages."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	"we report the results of our study on sensation effects that underlie human emotions as revealed in social media. We focus on the key five types of sensations: sight, hearing, touch, smell, and taste. We first establish a correlation between emotion and sensation in terms of linguistic expressions"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	"in the second part of the paper, we define novel features useful for extracting sensation information from social media"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Discovering underlying sensations of human emotions based on social medi	we design a method to classify texts into ones associated with different types of sensations.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Mapping the online presence of small local sporting clubs	"findings suggest that higher adoption levels of websites set up by clubs and social media and more sophisticated Internet usage are apparent in “upper” level (or well‐resourced) local clubs than in “lower” level clubs, but with some important variations (such as interventions by sport governing bodies) that may assist smaller clubs to adopt online platforms."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Mapping the online presence of small local sporting clubs	"Guidance on using the extended model in other contexts is offered, as is advice for clubs and sporting associations looking to improve their use of Internet platforms."	JASIST	Model Construction
Validation of a survey for measuring scientists' attitudes toward data reuse	"Overall, findings supported validity of the existing measure for use among researchers across academic disciplines. Recommendations for further refinement of the survey include the addition of new items to improve reliability of measurement"	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Validation of a survey for measuring scientists' attitudes toward data reuse	"Additionally, implications for organizational practice are discussed, including the importance of fostering individual researchers' perceived usefulness of secondary data, as well as providing access to data repositories and organizational resources for data reuse."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding and predicting future research impact at different career stages—A social network perspective	This paper provides empirical evidence for how social networks provide signals on researchers' career dynamics guided by social capital theory	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Authors' noninstitutional emails and their correlation with retraction	"Data suggest that retracted articles are more likely to use noninstitutional emails, but it is difficult to generalize"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	We identify markers of semantic change in scientific articles and legal opinions (both in English). Legal opinions have not previously been analyzed with respect to dynamic word embeddings and have received little attention in natural language processing.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	"We propose a novel method to score documents on their semantic progressiveness, thereby identifying documents on the vanguard of semantic change."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Follow the leader: Documents on the leading edge of semantic change get more citations	"We propose a novel method to score documents on their semantic progressiveness, thereby identifying documents on the vanguard of semantic change."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Epistemology, epistemic belief, personal epistemology, and epistemics: A review of concepts as they impact information behavior research"	"This research assesses how the epistemic concept is treated, both within information science and within disciplines that have affinities to the topics or agents that have been the subject of inquiry within the field."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Epistemology, epistemic belief, personal epistemology, and epistemics: A review of concepts as they impact information behavior research"	fostering a better understanding of epistemics as a research practice might also provide for the development of a range of insights and methods that reflect the dynamic context within which the study of information behavior and information experience is located.	JASIST	Resources
Do new research issues attract more citations? A comparison between 25 Scopus subject categories	"paper identifies potential changes in 25 subject categories through a term comparison of words in article titles, keywords and abstracts in 1 year compared to the previous 4 years"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Data curation as collective action during COVID‐19	"focus on some topics of particular interest to the information science community: data infrastructures for scholarly communication and research, the politicization of data curation and visualization for public‐facing “dashboards,” and human subjects research and policies."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Data curation as collective action during COVID‐19	"areas of opportunity and need, including broader and richer data curation education in the information schools, the establishment of better data management policy implementations by research funders, the award of formal academic credit for data curation activities and data sharing, and engagement in cooperative action around data ethics and security."	JASIST	Resources
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	we investigate the extent to which users' actual viewing and clicking behavior on search engine ads correlates with their understanding of search engine advertising	JASIST	performance Evaluation
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	"we wanted to find out whether there are differences in behavior patterns when results are presented on a desktop computer (large screen) versus a smartphone (small screen). We consider search on mobile devices in addition to desktop search, as this now exceeds desktop search in terms of search volume (Sterling, 2016)."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
How users' knowledge of advertisements influences their viewing and selection behavior in search engines	"with n = 100 subjects, the study differs from the majority of comparable eye‐tracking studies in terms of the number of participants"	JASIST	Resources
"The emergence, peak, and abeyance of an online information ground: The lifecycle of a Facebook group for verifying information during violence"	"demonstrate change and continuity in an online information ground; it became an information hub when reaching a peak cycle, and an information repository when entering into abeyance"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"The emergence, peak, and abeyance of an online information ground: The lifecycle of a Facebook group for verifying information during violence"	findings have potential to explain the dynamic of users' interactions with others and with information in quotidian spaces.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We define a new result diversification problem that addresses the typical requirements of a search as learning scenario, that is, where there are a wide range of dimensions the search engine needs to consider when returning results that meet the learning goals (i.e., providing comprehensive information on the topic in many forms (e.g., various types of documents) and at many education levels (e.g., from level 4 to 8))."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We provide a new framework for diversification, which extends the state‐of‐the‐art diversification methods (namely, xQuAD [Santos, Macdonald, & Ounis, 2010]; a variant of PM2 [Aktolga, 2014] as well as a supervised approach, R‐LTR [Zhu, Lan, Guo, Cheng, & Niu, 2014]), to handle multiple dimensions, and provide tailored instantiations for the framework. Specifically, we enrich each diversification method so that while an aspect's coverage in the final ranking is computed, the importance of the dimension which this aspect belongs to is also taken into account. To illustrate our motivation for computing dimension importance values, let an example query be “triangle,” and assume that the candidate set has documents from all the types available in the system but they all pertain to the education level 4. In this case, the diversification algorithm should focus on diversifying documents w.r.t. The type dimension, since there are several aspects to cover there, but should not attempt to diversify for the education level dimension. Hence, while setting the importance values for certain dimensions adaptively (i.e., per query), we consider the variety of the aspect values observed in the candidate set."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We describe a new rich dataset2 tailored for the evaluation of diversification algorithms with multiple dimensions, built from user interactions with an existing real‐life educational search engine."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Explicit diversification of search results across multiple dimensions for educational search	"We carry out an extensive evaluation of our work using a realistic experimental set‐up, which is based on query instances and clicks in addition to TREC‐style relevance annotations. Our experiments demonstrate the effectiveness of our proposed approach in comparison to strong baselines, showing improvements of 2.6%, 1.4%, and 2.2% for the diversification metrics ERR‐IA, α‐nDCG and P‐IA, respectively; and an improvement of 1.4% for the traditional P@2 metric. Considering the positive impact of diversified result presentation on the learning outcomes (e.g., knowledge gains of users) as shown in Collins‐Thompson, Rieh, Haynes, and Syed (2016) and Syed and Collins‐Thompson (2017), these improvements in diversification performance are likely to translate into learning gains in the educational search context, which is the ultimate goal of our present investigation."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
One size does not fit all: A study of badge behavior in stack overflow	"distinguish between different groups of user activity, including users who are not affected by the badge system despite being significant contributors to the site"	JASIST	performance Evaluation
One size does not fit all: A study of badge behavior in stack overflow	provide a predictive model of how users change their activity group over the course of their lifetime in the system.	JASIST	Model Construction
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	"we propose a new factor, the noisiness of context words, which influences the stability of medical concept embeddings regardless of high or low frequency. We evaluate the proposed factor by showing the linear correlation with the stability of medical concept embeddings"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	"Based on the linear relations, we make suggestions on ways to adjust the noisiness of context words for the improvement of stability."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding the stability of medical concept embeddings	we demonstrate that the linear relation of the proposed factor extends to the word embedding stability in general domain.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Using information science to enhance educational preventing violent extremism programs	This paper argues for adopting theoretical principles drawn from information science research based upon information behavior models to provide a framework for the design and development of such programs and against which their efficacy can be tested.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Using information science to enhance educational preventing violent extremism programs	"We demonstrate how this approach can be applied through thematic analysis of the theory of change models of EPVE programs implemented in England and Wales, designed to increase awareness and understanding of radicalization among young people, their carers, and professionals"	JASIST	Application
"Search foundations: Toward a science of technology‐mediated experience. Arafat, Sachi and Ashoori, Elham. Boston, MA: MIT Press, 2019. 448, pp. $65.00 (hardback). (ISBN 9780262038591)"	"create a unified field that incorporates both the traditional fields of information retrieval and information science, particularly the information behavior and seeking part of the latter field. This newly defined field then morphs conceptually into a more developed form, to be renamed an STME."	JASIST	Resources
"Do better search engines really equate to better clinical decisions? If not, why not?"	"We investigated the same relationship, but for realistic, complex search tasks required in clinical decision making."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
"Do better search engines really equate to better clinical decisions? If not, why not?"	identified the relative contribution of search engine effectiveness to the overall end task success	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	paper opens by explaining changes in value perception as a result of experiencing information.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	"Next, we describe the methodology and procedures of the research, which includes 16 experiment permutations."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Join the club? Peer effects on information value perception	"Finally, the paper discusses the theoretical and practical contribution of the research"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"We propose HAM‐TR, a personalized tag recommendation method based on hierarchical attention model. HAM‐TR exploits two levels of attention to effectively aggregate different elements and different information, respectively."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"We further study the impact of content information, collaborative information, and personalized information on tag recommendation by building different models based on different information. The results show that all three kinds of information can improve the results of tag recommendation. In particular, using both item‐related information and user‐related information can bring better results, and using the three kinds of information at the same time can bring the largest performance improvement."	JASIST	Model Construction
Hierarchical attention model for personalized tag recommendation	"By constructing different models based on different levels of attention, we further verified that either the top layered attention network or the bottom layered attention network can improve the performance of the model, and the improvement effect brought by the top attention network is stronger."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
From bilingual to multilingual neural‐based machine translation by incremental training	This paper proposes a proof of concept of a new multilingual NMT approach.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Loosen control without losing control: Formalization and decentralization within commons‐based peer production	exploring the sociotechnical systems that have emerged around both Drupal's development and its face‐to‐face communitarian events	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Loosen control without losing control: Formalization and decentralization within commons‐based peer production	"It focuses on the evolution of organizational structures, identifying the intertwined dynamics of formalization and decentralization, resulting in coexisting sociotechnical systems that vary in their degrees of organicity."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Medieval Spanish (12th–15th centuries) named entity recognition and attribute annotation system based on contextual information	"First, it is geared towards a custom entity taxonomy, intended to represent medieval entities in a way useful for humanities scholars (Álvarez Mellado et al., 2020)."	JASIST	Resources
Medieval Spanish (12th–15th centuries) named entity recognition and attribute annotation system based on contextual information	"Second, entity attributes (or entity structure) are analyzed via dependency parsing."	JASIST	Resources
Do the stars align?: Stakeholders and strategies in libraries' curation of an astronomy dataset	"We identify three factors that contributed to these differences in perspective: differing strategic motivations for undertaking this Data Transfer Process, SDSS leaders' misperceptions about libraries, and organizational mismatches."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Do the stars align?: Stakeholders and strategies in libraries' curation of an astronomy dataset	"These factors contributed to four differences in perspective between SDSS leaders and library staff: provenance as technical information or as information about social context, dataset as a live research object or as a static object to be preserved, systems and services tailored to the dataset or easily adaptable to other datasets, and obstacles as setbacks or as opportunities"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Framing a discussion on paradigm shift(s) in the field of information	initiate dialogues on ground‐breaking ideas and innovative solutions as well as support research that addresses contemporary challenges in the field of information.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	"Drawing on key theories of information processing and presentation, we identify multiple text and visual features that are associated with fake or credible news articles."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	perform a predictive analysis to detect features most strongly associated with fake news.	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Detecting fake news stories via multimodal analysis	"we combine these features in predictive models using multiple machine‐learning techniques. The experimental results indicate that a multimodal approach outperforms single‐modality approaches, allowing for better fake news detection."	JASIST	Model Construction
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	we pinpoint a noteworthy gap that our research seeks to fill: censorship targeting multimedia	JASIST	Theory Proposal
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	we explicate our theoretical reasoning and hypotheses	JASIST	Theory Proposal
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	"we lay out our methodology, including case selection, data collection, and data analysis."	JASIST	Model Construction
More than plain text: Censorship deletion in the Chinese social media	"we present our findings and discussions with plausible explanations, limitations, and reflections on our conclusions"	JASIST	Resources
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"First, we propose an automatic template generation that can capture prominent patterns using the dominating set algorithm"	JASIST	Model Construction
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"Second, we devise an alignment‐based template‐matching technique that uses a logistic regression model, which makes it more general and flexible than pure rule‐based approaches."	JASIST	Model Construction
A flexible template generation and matching method with applications for publication reference metadata extraction	"Last, we apply PBA to RME on extensive cross‐domain corpora and demonstrate its robustness and generality."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"A DMASA framework is established to capture fine‐grained features in images and texts, in which salient regions in visual images and semantic words in textual descriptions can be located from different angles."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"A multistage training scheme is proposed for visual‐textual embedding learning. In contrast to the commonly used single‐stage training, it makes our framework perform better with no increase of retrieval time."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Cross‐modal retrieval with dual multi‐angle self‐attention	"Detailed experimental and visualization results demonstrate the effectiveness of different components in our framework. The state‐of‐the‐art performance for cross‐modal retrieval can be achieved on Flickr8k, Flickr30k, and MSCOCO."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
Information behavior and social control: Toward an understanding of conflictual information behavior in families managing chronic illness	we introduce the concept of conflictual information behaviors	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Information behavior and social control: Toward an understanding of conflictual information behavior in families managing chronic illness	a preliminary Model of Conflictual Information Behavior;	JASIST	Model Construction
People and places: Bridging the information gaps in refugee integration	Our findings expand understandings of information sources and information grounds. The matrix can be used to enhance host societies' capacity to make appropriate information available	JASIST	Resources
People and places: Bridging the information gaps in refugee integration	provide evidence for the implementation of the information needs matrix.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"This paper presents an initial foray into understanding how established practices for managing and preserving data should adapt to demands from researchers who use and reuse SMD, and from people who are subjects in SMD"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"We examine the data management practices of researchers who use SMD through a survey, and we analyze published articles that used data from Twitter."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	We discuss how researchers describe their data management practices and how these practices may differ from the management of conventional data types.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"We explore conceptual, technical, and ethical challenges for data archives based on the similarities and differences between SMD and other types of research data, focusing on the social sciences"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Saving social media data: Understanding data management practices among social media researchers and their implications for archives	"Finally, we suggest areas where archives may need to revise policies, practices, and services in order to create secure, persistent, and usable collections of SMD."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	"We contribute to the literature on citation analysis and probe into the area of deep citation space (>450,000 articles) by investigating the structural properties of citation diffusion as well as the evolutionary effects of research relevance on citation structure"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	"we introduced the concept of the citation cascade (Min et al., 2017) and suggested metrics by which to quantify and measure it."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Citation cascade and the evolution of topic relevance	e now analyze how citations behave when they reach into a currently unknown depth	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How is AI becoming part of the world of work?	JASIST	Resources
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How is the world of work becoming part of AI?	JASIST	Resources
"Artificial intelligence and the world of work, a co‐constitutive relationship"	How can the information community help address this topic of Work in the Age of Intelligent Machines (WAIM)? This opinion piece considers these 3 questions by drawing on discussion from an engaging 2019 iConference workshop organized by the NSF supported WAIM research coordination network	JASIST	Resources
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Form special interest groups within professional associations; specifically, using this paper as a platform, information scientists should meet to develop a “formal” shared research/training/policy/implementation agenda centered around the application of information science to global health crises and then meet with global health (clinical, research, and policy) colleagues to share and refine this agenda and make it the most relevant and impactful"	JASIST	Resources
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Information science journals, for example, Journal of the Association for Information Science and Technology, devote special issues about these topics; also consider collaborating with/jointly publishing with global health journals to reach broader audience and to bring the science and practice of information science more to the “front lines”;"	JASIST	Resources
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Discuss how to measure our work's real‐world impact. Clinicians such as doctors and nurses, who work with patients on the frontline, are valued by the direct impact they have on the patients, as it should be. Perhaps we, as “information clinicians,” should also be, in part, assessed by how much our work contributes to positive changes on the frontline of information crises."	JASIST	Resources
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"Draw more attention to global health literacy and eHealth literacy, in addition to information literacy, in information science research and education. Information scientists and educators can help improve the public's abilities to identify misinformation/disinformation and use of mobile apps, social media, and information system in crises. This is especially important for vulnerable populations that may require special attention and intervention."	JASIST	Resources
Global health crises are also information crises: A call to action	"COVID‐19 brings to light challenges associated with not only a global health crisis but also a global information crisis. Promoting interdisciplinary collaborations with a broad range of perspectives and fields is key to developing solutions for further public information crises. For example, information scientists could work with clinicians to develop ways to obtain the best and most current information from agencies such as the World Health Organization, the CDC, and nongovernmental agencies that can assist with accurate information dissemination and treatment plans. Furthermore, global health pandemics tend to disproportionately affect countries with weak local healthcare delivery systems. It is imperative for information scientists to also work closely with local governments, for example, state‐/county‐/district‐level Ministries of Health/public sector healthcare delivery systems."	JASIST	Resources
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"examine the effects of various theoretically motivated factors relating to collection size, properties of the target file, and user workload"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"Testing a very different population, we confirm previous findings that failure percentages of GIM are approximately double those of PIM."	JASIST	performance Evaluation
The scalability of different file‐sharing methods	"discuss possible theoretical explanations, specifically how factors that hinder retrieval exacerbate the general GIM problem of retrieving files organized by other people"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Toward community‐inclusive data ecosystems: Challenges and opportunities of open data for community‐based organizations	"Our study presented dataʼs role in supporting communitiesʼ development by: diagnosing community problems and designing community services, securing funding and verifying needs, evaluating programs, highlighting community strengths, and fostering policy changes relevant to community development. Despite dataʼs role, our findings suggested that several major challenges hinder CBOs data use: difficulty accessing data, limitations of open data (un‐local nature, excluding essential data from being open), limited data capacity (especially in data literacy skills), and difficulties using and accessing existing data infrastructures"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The stability of Twitter metrics: A study on unavailable Twitter mentions of scientific publications	"study proposes two measures for describing the Twitter dissemination structures of publications: Degree of Originality (i.e., the proportion of original tweets received by an article) and Degree of Concentration (i.e., the degree to which retweets concentrate on a single original tweet)"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
The stability of Twitter metrics: A study on unavailable Twitter mentions of scientific publications	"we emphasize the importance of paying attention to the potential risk of unstable Twitter counts, and the significance of identifying the different Twitter dissemination structures when studying the Twitter metrics of scientific publications."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Library cultures of data curation: Adventures in astronomy	"We present a study, comprising interviews (n = 43) and ethnographic observation, of two university libraries who partnered with the Sloan Digital Sky Survey (SDSS) collaboration to curate a significant astronomy data set. The two libraries made different choices of the materials to curate and associated services, which resulted in different reuse possibilities."	JASIST	Resources
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"source‐adoption behavior indicates a stronger desire to use a source. This framework allows researchers to not only explore how frequently each type of source is visited, but also how efficiently the participants adopt information from that source."	JASIST	Resources
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"health conditions (severe vs. mild) are found to be critical factors that influence laypeople's source‐selection behavior. This highlights the importance of task‐related factors in modeling people's source‐selection behavior. Although more studies are needed to examine the generality of this finding, it does suggest that other aspects of health conditions besides severity could be examined for their influence on source selection."	JASIST	Resources
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"this study contributes a genre‐based classification framework for online health information sources, an instrument that can be examined and expanded upon by future researchers"	JASIST	Model Construction
Laypeople's source selection in online health information‐seeking process	"the scenario‐based task design proposed in this study, which consists of three phases of a sequential search process, can be adopted by future researchers to study similarly complex and exploratory online seeking behaviors."	JASIST	Applications
Pirate open access as electronic civil disobedience: Is it ethical to breach the paywalls of monetized academic publishing?	An analysis of the ethicality of current arrangements in academic publishing shows that monetization and the sequestering of scientific knowledge behind paywalls breach the principle of fairness and damage public interest	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"The Great Hack (documentary film). Produced and directed by Karim Amer and Jehane Noujaim. Netflix, 2019. 1 hour 54 minutes"	"review will attempt to put The Great Hack in its historical, political, and technical context, and will try to answer the question: How dangerous was Cambridge Analytica?"	JASIST	Resources
Female librarians and male computer programmers? Gender bias in occupational images on digital media platforms	the ongoing conversation on bias in algorithms	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Female librarians and male computer programmers? Gender bias in occupational images on digital media platforms	"Different types of curation may surely be more appropriate for different digital platforms, companies, or users, depending on their goals."	JASIST	Applications
Older adultsʼ credibility assessment of online health information: An exploratory study using an extended typology of web credibility	"This study was the first to use the extended typology of web credibility assessment (Choi & Stvilia, 2015), featuring the key dimensions of credibility (i.e., trustworthiness and expertise) and the three major sources of credibility cues (i.e., operator‐, content‐, and design‐related features of web resources). Using the extended typology helped the researcher articulate the conceptual relationships between various credibility cues and heuristics and the perceived credibility of web‐based health information resources in terms of the two underlying dimensions of credibility"	JASIST	Resources
Older adultsʼ credibility assessment of online health information: An exploratory study using an extended typology of web credibility	"This article demonstrated how the extended framework could guide the analysis and interpretation of qualitative research data such as interview data. More specifically, the definitions of six types of web credibility and example cues and heuristics"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Toward a document‐centered ontological theory for information architecture in corporations	"we present some basic theory for IA in the form of a formal framework to represent corporations in which IA activities take place, acknowledging that our approach is de facto a subset of IA we call the enterprise information architecture (EAI) approach. By doing this, we highlight the effects that documents cause within corporations in the scope of EIA."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Even though panel splitting and panel label recognition have been separately studied before, to our knowledge this is the first work to try solving them together with a unified model. We proposed one algorithm that can not only solve panel splitting, panel label recognition, and panel segmentation tasks jointly, but also as separate steps. Further, it can also process both stitched and regular figures with and without panel labels."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Our model can predict two object components (panels and panel labels) at the same time. The predictors share the same backbone convolutional layers, resulting in saved computation."	JASIST	Model Construction
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	We conducted comprehensive experiments to evaluate the performance and compare them to the state‐of‐the‐art. We achieved better performance than the state‐of‐the‐art.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"Through experiments, we show that combining panel splitting and panel label recognition benefit each other."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Unified deep neural network for segmentation and labeling of multipanel biomedical figures	"We annotated and open‐sourced a large figure data set. To our knowledge, this is the first large figure segmentation data set with annotations of both panels and their labels. It can be downloaded from the National Library of Medicine (NLM) website.1"	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Research leadership flow determinants and the role of proximity in research collaborations	"The outcome of this research sheds light on the leadership evolution and flow among Chinese institutions, and thus can provide evidence and support for grant allocation policies to facilitate scientific research and collaborations"	JASIST	Resources
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	we propose two dimensions of crowdfunders that capture the heterogeneity in crowdfundersʼ behavior: opinion leadership and interest specialization of crowdfunders.	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	"Using a set of variables representing these two dimensions, our analysis revealed five distinct archetypes of crowdfunders: the Vocal Actives, the Silent Actives, the Focused Enthusiasts, the Trend Followers, and the Star Seekers, who each adopted distinct crowdfunding strategies"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How different Are crowdfunders? Examining archetypes of crowdfunders	We established external and criterion‐related validity of the cluster solutions in multiple way	JASIST	Resources
Multilingual publishing in the social sciences and humanities: A seven‐country European study	"multilingual publishing is an ongoing practice in many SSH research fields regardless of geographical location, political situation, and/or historical heritage. Here we argue that research is international, but multilingual publishing keeps locally relevant research alive with the added potential for creating impact."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"Empirical analysis of Cabellʼs Journal Blacklist reveals substantial diversity in types and degrees of predatory publishing. While some blacklisted publishers produce journals with many severe violations of academic norms, “gray” journals and publishers occupy borderline or ambiguous niches between predation and legitimacy"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"Conceptions of predation are based on overlapping evaluations of academic and economic legitimacy. High institutional status benefits publishers by reducing conflicts between—if not aligning—professional and market institutional logics, which are more likely to conflict and create illegitimacy concerns in downmarket niches."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Demarcating spectrums of predatory publishing: Economic and institutional sources of academic legitimacy	"High rejection rates imbue high‐status journals with value and pricing power, while low‐status OA journals face “predatory” incentives to optimize revenue via low selectivity. Status influences the social acceptability of profit‐seeking in academic publishing, rendering lower‐status publishers vulnerable to being perceived and stigmatized as illegitimate."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Information informing design: Information Science research with implications for the design of digital information environments	"This article argues that as JASIST exists at the intersection between information, systems, and users, it is natural to want to understand how people engage with information to inform design and, by doing so, Information Science research can build bridges between Information Science and computing disciplines and make contributions that transcend its discipline boundaries."	JASIST	Resources
Information informing design: Information Science research with implications for the design of digital information environments	It argues that Information Science research not only has the potential but also the duty to inform the design of future digital information environments.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	This study contributes to improving our understanding of information propagation on Twitter during disasters.	JASIST	Resources
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	"Academically, we offer a new variable of entropy to measure a tweetʼs uncertainty, an important factor influencing disaster tweetsʼ retweeting. Entropy plays a critical role to better comprehend URLs and emoticons as a means to convey information"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Understanding the uncertainty of disaster tweets and its effect on retweeting: The perspectives of uncertainty reduction theory and information entropy	"Practically, this research suggests a set of guidelines for effectively crafting disaster messages on Twitter."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	Specialists are those who contribute to all their tasks alone	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	team‐players are those who contribute to every task with other collaborators	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Co‐contributorship network and division of labor in individual scientific collaborations	"versatiles are those who do both. We find that team‐players are the majority and they tend to contribute to the 5 most common tasks as expected, such as “data analysis” and “performing experiments.”"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	we apply the ELM/KAM to Q&A OHCs.	JASIST	Applications
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	"we use text mining to comprehensively extract argument quality and source credibility features from user's questions and physician's answers. Meanwhile, we investigate the moderating effect of user involvement on the association between the determinants of argument quality or source credibility and user's adoption."	JASIST	Applications
User adoption of physician's replies in an online health community: An empirical study	"Third, based on the results, we provide a better understanding of user's adoption behavior in Q&A OHC using large‐scale data."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A joint neural network model for combining heterogeneous user data sources: An example of at‐risk student prediction	The proposal of a neural network framework for jointly modeling time series and cross‐sectional features for prediction. The framework is also flexible to be applied in or extended to other problems requiring the simultaneous modeling of heterogeneous data sources.	JASIST	Model Construction
A joint neural network model for combining heterogeneous user data sources: An example of at‐risk student prediction	"The empirical evaluation of the proposed framework and a variety of existing approaches of predicting learner achievements using profile data and/or event log series, which demonstrate the state‐of‐the‐art and indicate the superior performance of the proposed method."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Getting ready to reduce the digital divide: Scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries	This research contributes to the discussion on solving digital exclusion issues by addressing the emergent roles and challenges of Lithuanian public libraries in reducing the digital divide.	JASIST	Resources
Getting ready to reduce the digital divide: Scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries	The article combines a multilevel model of the digital divide with the concept of business idea and analyzes the future scenarios of Lithuanian public libraries.	JASIST	Model Optimization
Scientific journals still matter in the era of academic search engines and preprint archives	we show that prior estimates of the effect of journal reputation on an individual article's impact (measured by citations) are likely inflated	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A matter of trust: Higher education institutions as information fiduciaries in an age of educational data mining and learning analytics	"HEIs have a moral obligation to act in students' interests, and that LA surfaces such an obligation in ways other sociotechnical systems have not"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A matter of trust: Higher education institutions as information fiduciaries in an age of educational data mining and learning analytics	"we argue that an institution's fiduciary responsibility requires limited data collection and analysis, and that such data practices should only be pursued when they align with and are directed to support student interests and protect their privacy."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Design partnerships for participatory librarianship: A conceptual model for understanding librarians co designing With digital youth	Our first contribution is the development of our participatory librarian conceptual model.	JASIST	Model Construction
Design partnerships for participatory librarianship: A conceptual model for understanding librarians co designing With digital youth	"Second, our study contributes to the pragmatic support of librarians and instructional design."	JASIST	Resources
The citation advantage of promoted articles in a cross‐publisher distribution platform: A 12‐month randomized controlled trial	Our primary outcome compares the mean citations of articles randomized to TrendMD versus control after 12 months. Articles randomized to TrendMD showed a 50% increase in mean citations relative to control at 12 months	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The citation advantage of promoted articles in a cross‐publisher distribution platform: A 12‐month randomized controlled trial	"To our knowledge, this is the first randomized controlled trial to demonstrate how an intervention can be used to increase citations of peer‐reviewed articles after they have been published"	JASIST	Resources
Disaster privacy/privacy disaster	"Our empirical study compares content analysis of privacy policies and government agency policies, structured by the contextual integrity framework, with static and dynamic app analysis documenting the personal data sent by 15 apps."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Disaster privacy/privacy disaster	"We identify substantive gaps between regulation and guidance, privacy policies, and information flows, resulting from ambiguities and exploitation of exemptions."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
“To protect my health or to protect my health privacy?” A mixed‐methods investigation of the privacy paradox	"First, the study clarifies the sustained importance of privacy in the health context irrespective of the technology in question."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“To protect my health or to protect my health privacy?” A mixed‐methods investigation of the privacy paradox	"Second, our integrated findings advance our understanding of the privacy calculus with perceived benefits and HIPC influencing technology adoption at different stages and the privacy paradox in this context suggesting temporality (Hallam & Zanella, 2017) and the role of different biases as an explanation of this paradox"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“The dearest of our possessions”: Applying Floridi's information privacy concept in models of information behavior and information literacy	This conceptual article argues for the value of an approach to privacy in the digital information environment informed by Luciano Floridi's philosophy of information and information ethics.	JASIST	Resources
“We're being tracked at all times”: Student perspectives of their privacy in relation to learning analytics in higher education	"The study uncovered perspectives on institutional trust that were heretofore unknown, as well as what actions might violate that trust"	JASIST	Resources
“We're being tracked at all times”: Student perspectives of their privacy in relation to learning analytics in higher education	Institutions must balance their desire to implement LA with their obligation to educate students about their analytic practices and treat them as partners in the design of analytic strategies reliant on student data in order to protect their intellectual privacy.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Risks, benefits, and control of information: Two studies of smart electric meter privacy"	findings accord with several information privacy frameworks adding new insights about consumers' perceived control over their energy data	JASIST	Resources
"Risks, benefits, and control of information: Two studies of smart electric meter privacy"	"The findings can inform utility companies and policymakers with respect to giving consumers more control over their data, reducing consumers' privacy concerns, communicating benefits of smart meter data, and providing accurate information about the risks."	JASIST	Resources
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	we find that women are much less likely than men to approve of the use of cameras using FRT in the workplace.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	"We then further explore whether men and women think differently about privacy, and if perceptions of privacy moderate the relationship between gender and approval of workplace surveillance"	JASIST	Resources
“I Don't Want Someone to Watch Me While I'm Working”: Gendered Views of Facial Recognition Technology in Workplace Surveillance	"Finally, we consider the implications of these findings for privacy and surveillance via embedded technologies, and how the consequences of surveillance and technologies like FRT may be gendered."	JASIST	Resources
"Online privacy concerns and privacy protection strategies among older adults in East York, Canada"	We contribute to the literature on privacy and older adults by proposing a typology of privacy concerns.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
#BlockSidewalk to Barcelona: Technological sovereignty and the social license to operate smart cities	we present an overview of smart city developments with a critical focus on corporatization and platform urbanism.	JASIST	Resources
#BlockSidewalk to Barcelona: Technological sovereignty and the social license to operate smart cities	"Second, we explore what a more responsible smart city could look like, underpinned by technological sovereignty, which is a way to use technologies to promote individual and collective autonomy and empowerment via ownership, control, and self‐governance of data and technologies."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
The personal information sphere: An integral approach to privacy and related information and communication rights	"to respect privacy and related rights, online personalization providers should actively involve users in the personalization process and enable them to use personalization for personal goals."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Cultural factors and the role of privacy concerns in acceptance of government surveillance	the research contributes to a better contextual understanding of surveillance and privacy.	JASIST	Resources
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	its detailed characterization of the variability of information interaction approaches in this context	JASIST	Resources
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the identification of the sociality of these approaches	JASIST	Resources
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the role that trust in one's healthcare provider may play in patients’ approach to health information.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	This article tested 3 machine‐learning methods and found that the C5.0 decision tree performed best	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	The difference and relationship between task preparation and task resumption were investigated by comparing their behavioral features. It is concluded that information need remains blurred in task preparation and becomes clear in task resumption.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"contribute to a better understanding of the web search behavior from a userʼs perspective, which would help designers of search engines to provide users with better web search support."	JASIST	Resources
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	(i) HIA present both technological and human risks;	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	the expectation of privacy self‐management by vulnerable populations is problematic	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	"there is a need for robust, actionable, privacy‐related guidelines for HIA"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	We suggest 5 recommendations to strengthen the privacy protection offered to undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Our primary contribution is a framework grounded in organizational learning theory that comprehensively explains how ISM and IR can be integrated, and the corresponding security‐learning opportunities and benefits to the organization."	JASIST	Model Construction
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Second, in this article the discourse on integration between ISM and IR has been at a whole‐of‐function level (and to some extent at a practice‐area level) because the unit of analysis is the organization and the primary objective is to identify overarching organizational learning benefits arising from linking two traditionally disconnected functions. Researchers can extend this study by discussing integration possibilities between individual ISM and IR practices and the potential flow‐on benefits to organizational learning as a consequence."	JASIST	Applications
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This study contributes to the effort of measuring dimensions that are theoretically important and related to service quality, and it is among the first ones in the library management literature to recover the hierarchical nature of PSQ (except for Nagata, Satoh, Gerrard, & Kytömäki, 2004)."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"The practical contribution of that is that UL is not conditioned to an information service provider that offers more courtesy or reliability or responsiveness than others, but to the option that, in the global evaluation, provides the best service quality."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This finding encourages insights that may help librarians, coordinators, and managers in planning and developing strategies/tactics capable of affecting the userʼs choosing process in the face of the available information service providers."	JASIST	Resources
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"First, the conceptualization and operationalization of PSQ as a second‐order level construct that recovers the hierarchical nature of PSQ, which seems to be lost in the literature (Brady & Cronin, 2001)."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"And second, we disagree with Parasuraman et al. (1988) that the five dimensions of the SERVQUAL model are enough to capture all the DSQ suggested by Parasuraman et al. (1985)"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Academic collaboration rates and citation associations vary substantially between countries and fields	This study compares the team size and field normalized citation impact of research across all 27 Scopus broad fields in the 10 countries with the most journal articles indexed in Scopus 2008–2012	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Developing an empirical measure of everyday information mastering	"Our study contributes to this research gap by focusing on a key domain of information behavior, that is, everyday information mastering (EIM)"	JASIST	Resources
Developing an empirical measure of everyday information mastering	The instrument contributes to the systematic empirical study of EIM constituents and their relationships. The study further sheds light on key modes of EIM.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	"According to our knowledge, we report the first user study quantifying the benefits of interactive faceted query suggestion for whole‐session retrieval effectiveness and user engagement in exploratory search tasks."	JASIST	Resources
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	"Our results show that interactive faceted query suggestion is used for directed situated navigation to complement, but not substitute, typed‐query interaction. This suggests that search assistance implemented as interactive faceted query suggestion is used for supporting exploration beyond the initial query context."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Interactive faceted query suggestion for exploratory search: Whole‐session effectiveness and interaction engagement	Our results suggest that whole‐session relevance in exploratory search is associated with the availability of search assistance and that search assistance provides limited or no advantage at individual query–response level.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A computational analysis of art historical linked data for assessing authoritativeness of attributions	"we presented the research design, methods, and results of a computational analysis performed on art historical linked data"	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A computational analysis of art historical linked data for assessing authoritativeness of attributions	The objective was to assess the authoritativeness of secondary sources recording artwork attributions.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
The collective trolling lifecycle	"The major contributions of the study are the characterization of collective trolling, and the addition of a lifecycle model to the understanding of trolling as sociotechnical, context‐dependent, and multidimensional phenomenon."	JASIST	Model Construction
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	"We propose two models, Dir(H) and Dir(H + T), by modification of a Baseline‐Dirichlet model to incorporate “helpfulness” and time of review that allows scoring products regardless of the number of reviews it received. Our experiments demonstrate that Dir(H) and Dir(H + T) outperforms baseline models in comparing “few–few” and “rich–rich” product pairs."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	We propose to infer the “helpful” probability of reviews from limited helpfulness votes based on the Beta distribution. This allows us to use all reviews regardless of the number of votes reviews received.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Beyond mean rating: Probabilistic aggregation of star ratings based on helpfulness	We propose an improved way to evaluate aggregation models by using expert reviews as ground truth.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
The diverse niches of megajournals: Specialism within generalism	"Our results show that the examined generalist journals—whether a megajournal, conventional journal or quasi‐megajournal—all exhibited unique niches in terms of publishing outcomes and disciplinary composition"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Consolidated, systemic conceptualization, and definition of the “sharing economy”"	"We identify 36 original understandings of the term “sharing economy.” Using semantic integration strategies, we consolidate 84 semantic facets in these definitions into 18 characteristics of the sharing economy. Resolving conflicts in the meaning and scope of these characteristics, we arrive at a consolidated, systemic definition."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Consolidated, systemic conceptualization, and definition of the “sharing economy”"	We evaluate the definition's appropriateness and applicability by applying it to cases claimed by the media to be examples of the sharing economy.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"First, the ratios of full forenames in each data set are changed from 0% (all initialized) to 100%. Second, forename strings are stripped into 1 through 10 characters. These settings reflect the real‐world scenario in which an author can be represented by different forename variants (synonym) and two or more authors share the same forenames (homonym)."	JASIST	Resources
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"Second, forename strings are stripped into 1 through 10 characters. These settings reflect the real‐world scenario in which an author can be represented by different forename variants (synonym) and two or more authors share the same forenames (homonym)."	JASIST	Resources
Effect of forename string on author name disambiguation	"Next, the performances of simple string‐based matching (heuristic) and machine‐learning‐based (algorithmic) disambiguation approaches are evaluated under each setting. In addition, for algorithmic disambiguation, the forename's feature importance in relation to other features is measured by the impurity change in Random Forest. Findings from this study will help us better understand the effectiveness of forenames in author name disambiguation and provide practical implications for improving future disambiguation studies."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Revisiting “the 1990s debutante”: Scholar‐led publishing and the prehistory of the open access movement	"The article explores the motivations and practices of early scholar‐led journals through analysis of a range of source documents including editorials, positions statements, and contemporaneous scholarly literature on these journals."	JASIST	Resources
Exploring the Information Worlds of Older Persons During Disasters	"The article contributes to the information behavior literature by developing a more informed understanding of both the interrelationship between the information worlds and activities of older persons, and how older persons seek and share information during disasters."	JASIST	Resources
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	we hypothesize that users with higher privacy concerns may consider contextual factors differently from those with lower privacy concerns.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	We additionally find that users' perceived risk towards the requester mediates the effect of context and privacy concerns. These results extend our understanding about the cognitive process behind privacy decision making in SNSs.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Context and Privacy Concerns in Friend Request Decisions	The interaction effects suggest strategies for SNS providers to predict user's friend request acceptance and to customize context‐aware privacy decision support based on users' different privacy attitudes.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	a readability assessment study that considers six different European languages	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	an examination of the predictive power of state‐of‐the‐art features for each language under study	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Is cross‐lingual readability assessment possible?	"an analysis (based on empirical results) that outlines possible advantages and drawbacks induced by creating a cross‐lingual readability assessment strategy, such as interlanguage agreement or improving the performance of readability assessment for low‐resource languages."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	we propose 3 different approaches to measure the semantic relatedness between 2 words: (i) boost the performance of GloVe word embedding model via removing or transforming abnormal dimensions	JASIST	Model Optimization
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	(ii) linearly combine the information extracted from WordNet and word embeddings	JASIST	Dataset Creation
Combining and learning word embedding with WordNet for semantic relatedness and similarity measurement	"(iii) utilize word embedding and 12 linguistic information extracted from WordNet as features for Support Vector Regression. We conducted our experiments on 8 benchmark data sets, and computed Spearman correlations between the outputs of our methods and the ground truth."	JASIST	Dataset Creation
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	its detailed characterization of the variability of information interaction approaches in this context	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the identification of the sociality of these approaches	JASIST	Resources
A spectrum of approaches to health information interaction: From avoidance to verification	the role that trust in one's healthcare provider may play in patients’ approach to health information	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	"we first discuss task preparation and task resumption as two separate parts of cross‐device search. By contrasting their respective features, we discuss the difference between task preparation and task resumption behaviors."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Understanding task preparation and resumption behaviors in cross‐device search	We then discuss task preparation and task resumption by combining them into a complete cross‐device search process.	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"(a) support older adults in using the Internet in everyday life, with the aim of improving their efficiency in evaluating information and promoting a quick decision‐making process"	JASIST	Applications
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	train older people to use pc buttons or a specific combination of buttons to improve their search strategy	JASIST	Applications
"Web searching and navigation: Age, intelligence, and familiarity"	"support older people in maintaining a good level of fluid IQ (that is, training creativity and working memory, focusing on problems that, at least superficially, do not resemble those on the fluid‐ability tests; Jaeggi, Buschkuehl, Jonides, & Perrig, 2008) so that they are able to change strategy when solving search problems."	JASIST	Applications
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"This study suggests a significant contribution of citizen science to various disciplines as well as overall science education, literacy, and development"	JASIST	Resources
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"A solid theoretical grounding of citizen science research, coupled with application of pertinent emergent theories to various processes associated with scientific inquiry and discovery, suggests the disciplinary traits and unique contributions."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
(Un)theorizing citizen science: Investigation of theories applied to citizen science studies	"This study proposes that the current pace of citizen science research, empowered by ordinary citizens as well as technological affordances, provides solid evidence to warrant further development of citizen science as a unique discipline that can strengthen and democratize scientific inquiry"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	we propose a conceptual framework for protecting privacy in the context of humanitarian information activities (HIA) with irregular migrants.	JASIST	Model Construction
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	(i) HIA present both technological and human risks	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	ii) the expectation of privacy self‐management by vulnerable populations is problematic;	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	"(iii) there is a need for robust, actionable, privacy‐related guidelines for HIA"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“Mind the five”: Guidelines for data privacy and security in humanitarian work with undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations	We suggest 5 recommendations to strengthen the privacy protection offered to undocumented migrants and other vulnerable populations.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
How integration of cyber security management and incident response enables organizational learning	"Our primary contribution is a framework grounded in organizational learning theory that comprehensively explains how ISM and IR can be integrated, and the corresponding security‐learning opportunities and benefits to the organization."	JASIST	Model Construction
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"This study contributes to the effort of measuring dimensions that are theoretically important and related to service quality, and it is among the first ones in the library management literature to recover the hierarchical nature of PSQ"	JASIST	Model Construction
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"First, the conceptualization and operationalization of PSQ as a second‐order level construct that recovers the hierarchical nature of PSQ, which seems to be lost in the literature (Brady & Cronin, 2001). And second, we disagree with Parasuraman et al. (1988) that the five dimensions of the SERVQUAL model are enough to capture all the DSQ suggested by Parasuraman et al. (1985)."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Explaining library user loyalty through perceived service quality: What is wrong?	"Consequently, we also disagree that the LibQUAL+® tool is adequate to evaluate service quality in the library scenario, because this tool is a result of the SERVQUAL model (Cook & Thompson, 2000)."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Female citation impact superiority 1996–2018 in six out of seven English‐speaking nations	"This study investigates the evolution of gender differences in citation impact 1996–2018 for six million articles from seven large English‐speaking nations: Australia, Canada, Ireland, Jamaica, New Zealand, UK, and the USA."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	"The process of creating knowledge consists of two stages: the first stage relates to implementation of existing skills in order to solve concrete problems. The second stage refers to the reflection when a specific knowledge is translated into generic knowledge, which contributes to the progress of science (Tress, Tress, & Fry, 2007)"	JASIST	Resources
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	conception and selection of an idea	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	"idea development—where the artists structures, expands, and enriches the selected idea"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Hands on: Information Experiences as Sources of Value	the actual making of the artwork. Creativity process takes place over a period of time rather than being implemented and created at a single point of time. Creative ideas are revealed throughout a career by research and investigation	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Understanding and Information in the Work of Visual Artists	This article presents findings from a phenomenology‐of‐practice study of the information behavior of visual artists	JASIST	Resources
Cultural Heritage Information Practices and iSchools Education for Achieving Sustainable Development	a thematic analysis of cultural heritage policy documents can be used to explore the key themes for cultural informatics education and research that can lead to sustainable development;	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Cultural Heritage Information Practices and iSchools Education for Achieving Sustainable Development	"cultural heritage information education should cover a series of skills that can be categorized in five key areas, viz., information, technology, leadership, application, and people and user skills."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	the first major practical contribution of the present research is that it provides much‐needed investigations on the information sources use of societies based on their collective information behavior	JASIST	Resources
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	A second important implication of our study derives from the uniqueness of the large‐scale secondary data to directly investigating possible connections of socio‐cultural variables and ISU of societies	JASIST	Applications
Cultural Patterns of Information Source Use: A Global Study of 47 Countries	"Finally, investigations on societal variables such as national culture, wealth, general trust and their linear or covariate interactions with ISU deserve greater attention to solve the complexity of interactions of noted factors in predicting information source patterns of societies."	JASIST	Applications
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Enriching Understanding of Gratitude in Online Communities	JASIST	Theory Proposal
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Modeling the Experience of Gratitude in Online Communities	JASIST	Model Construction
“I can't express my thanks enough”: The “gratitude cycle” in online communities	Informing the Design of Online Community Platforms	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Factors that affect asker's pay intention in trilateral payment‐based social Q&A platforms: From a benefit and cost perspective	"Our findings contribute to the previous literature by proposing a theoretical model that explains askers' behavioral intention, and the practical implications for payment‐based Q&A service providers and participants."	JASIST	Model Construction
"Social Informatics Research: Schools of Thought, Methodological Basis, and Thematic Conceptualization"	"The aim of this article is to connect three selected perspectives on SI—intellectual (regional schools of thought), methodological, and thematic—and introduce a comparative framework for understanding SI that includes all known approaches."	JASIST	Model Optimization
"Social Informatics Research: Schools of Thought, Methodological Basis, and Thematic Conceptualization"	"the article draws from a thematic and methodological grounding of research across schools of thought, along with definitions that rely on the extension and intension of the notion of SI."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Music discovery and revisiting behaviors of individuals with different preference characteristics: An experience sampling approach	This study investigated the relationship between an individual's music preference traits and their music finding and listening in everyday life	JASIST	Resources
Music discovery and revisiting behaviors of individuals with different preference characteristics: An experience sampling approach	The results support the proposition that users' music‐related psychological traits should be considered in personalized recommendation strategies.	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"one, to the best of our knowledge, we are the first to jointly encode word‐level information and message‐level information from conversation context to help keyphrase extraction."	JASIST	Model Construction
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"Moreover, we are the first to leverage character information to overcome the OOV problem in keyphrase extraction."	JASIST	Model Construction
"Joint Modeling of Characters, Words, and Conversation Contexts for Microblog Keyphrase Extraction"	"Third, we propose a memory network hierarchical encoder in a new type."	JASIST	Model Optimization
Collective Named Entity Recognition in User Comments via Parameterized Label Propagation	"We investigate the problem of named entity recognition in user comments, and we show that collective NER (CoNER) that utilizes the shared contexts between articles and comments can significantly improve recognition performance in the user‐generated text."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Collective Named Entity Recognition in User Comments via Parameterized Label Propagation	"We propose parameterized label propagation (PLP), a semisupervised learning model that can be trained to effectively collect evidence from articles and comments for NER. Through extensive experiments with Yahoo! News comment data set, our CoNER model with PLP demonstrates the most robust and effective performance over existing baselines."	JASIST	Model Construction
Main path analysis on cyclic citation networks	"Based on the argument that a publication cannot influence itself through a citation cycle, the SimSPC algorithm is proposed to weight citation arcs by counting simple search paths. A set of algorithms are further proposed for main path exploration and extraction directly from cyclic networks based on a novel data structure main path tree."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Main path analysis on cyclic citation networks	"The experiments on two cyclic citation networks demonstrate the usefulness of the alternative solution. In the meanwhile, experiments show that publications in strongly connected components may sit on the turning points of main path networks, which signifies the necessity of a systematic way of dealing with citation cycles."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
What Is Known About the Impact of Impairments on Information Seeking and Searching?	"This literature review provides an overview of research on the information seeking and searching of users with impairments. The aim is to provide an overview to both researchers and practitioners who work with any of the user groups identified. Some diagnoses are relatively well represented in the literature (for instance, visual impairment), but there is very little work in other areas (for instance, autism) and in some cases no work at all (for instance, aphasia). Gaps are identified in the research, and suggestions are made regarding areas where further research is needed."	JASIST	Resources
"The Misinformation Age: How False Ideas Spread. Cailin O'Connor and James Owen Weatherall. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2019. 280 pp. $26.00 (hardcover). (ISBN 9780300234015)"	"It provides useful models for tracing, analyzing, and understanding the dynamics of how beliefs are introduced, shared, and accepted within communities"	JASIST	Model Construction
"The Misinformation Age: How False Ideas Spread. Cailin O'Connor and James Owen Weatherall. New Haven, CT: Yale University Press, 2019. 280 pp. $26.00 (hardcover). (ISBN 9780300234015)"	"Creative proposals are suggested for countering and preventing false beliefs, some practical, some controversial, some provocative, but all insightful and innovative. It will therefore be of value to diverse audiences—from scholars and scientists to policymakers and the public—who are concerned about and attempting to address this growing scourge of dis/misinformation."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Designing sustainable online support: Examining the effects of design change in 49 online health support communities	"This research makes a major contribution to our understanding of the relationship between the design and stability of sociotechnical systems by showing how WebMD, a popular place for individuals to exchange social support about a variety of health conditions, maintained—or failed to maintain—its constituent set of rich and engaged communities in the face of a design change in 2010. Understanding the impact of this design change provides a key opportunity to examine the complex interrelationship between community participation, structure, and a site's design affordances."	JASIST	Resources
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	"this study aimed to provide a deeper understanding of the intertwined nature of scientific collaboration on geographic, social, and technological dimension through addressing the following three questions:
What are the evolving trends of scientific collaboration in terms of social stratification and geographic separation?"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	What are the effects of cross‐tier collaboration on research productivity and impact?	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Global village or virtual balkans? evolution and performance of scientific collaboration in the information age	How does the development of ICTs influence the evolving trend and the effects of cross‐tier collaboration?	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Social informatics of information value cocreation: A case study of xiaomi's online user community	"This mixed‐methods study investigates information value cocreation from the social informatics perspective to surface sociotechnical implications for IT design and use, since cocreation is inherently social and technology‐mediated."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Social informatics of information value cocreation: A case study of xiaomi's online user community	the cocreation of software as an information‐intensive product is examined	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"From a theoretical perspective, first, we propose an empirical model for the crowd wisdom phenomena based on Surowiecki's theory framework (2005). Different from extant research that mainly focuses on showing the importance of crowd wisdom, we concentrate on investigating crowd characteristics that influence crowd wisdom, thus filling the gap in the empirical evidence for the theory."	JASIST	Model Construction
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Second, our study empirically demonstrates that this model indeed explains the prediction accuracy of OICs. Using real data extracted from StockTwits, our study provides empirical evidence in support of the conceptual theory"	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Third, we further develop the theory by introducing crowd size as a moderating variable, whose moderating effect is very important but neglected in previous studies"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"Fourth, instead of using a survey research methodology, which is usually time‐consuming and subject to sampling biases, we develop text mining and network analysis‐based measures, which can be readily applied to a large amount of user‐generated data collected from online communities."	JASIST	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Crowd characteristics and crowd wisdom: Evidence from an online investment community	"From a practical perspective, our findings provide guidance for online communities, teams, and organizations to be wiser and more effective in crowd‐based decision making. Specifically, our study shows that experience diversity, participant independence, and network decentralization all have a positive impact on crowd performance."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"this research contributes to existing literature on CMC, marketing and consumer research, and the communication literature. In terms of contributions to the CMC literature, the present study complements early works on CMC, which have mainly theorized the process of choosing CMC technologies for specific communication tasks (Dennis, Fuller, & Valacich, 2008), and the live chat literature, which has largely focused on articulating the importance of providing CMC tools, such as live chat and shopping websites (Qiu & Benbasat, 2005)"	JASIST	Resources
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"In terms of marketing and consumer research, our granular analyses with multiple research methods unveil the engagement of shoppers in the interactive dialog. Moreover, retailers can use CMC tools to construct expressions that persuade shoppers."	JASIST	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Do cognitive and affective expressions matter in purchase conversion? A live chat perspective	"In terms of a contribution to the communication literature, the present research extends and further refines the SAT by showing that the analysis of communication content alone may not adequately predict the results of communication"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area	Our objective is to detect the new author keywords that appear in a fixed knowledge area in the period of 1 year in order to quantify the probabilities of survival for 10 years as a function of the impact of the journals where they appeared. Many of the new keywords appearing in the LIS field are ephemeral	JASIST	Resources
Survival analysis of author keywords: An application to the library and information sciences area	"Our purpose is to adapt a statistical method for the analysis of discrete numerical series to the keywords appearing in scientific articles of a given area. As an example, we apply our methodological approach to the study of the keywords in the Library and Information Sciences (LIS) area."	JASIST	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
The Social Construction of Risk in Digital Preservation	"In this article I have presented a model for the social construction of risk in digital preservation, which consists of eight factors: communication, complexity, expertise, organizations, political culture, trust, uncertainty, and vulnerability. Taken individually, each of these factors can influence how individuals and groups construct their understanding of risk. When considered together, they can amplify and/or attenuate perceptions of risk."	JASIST	Model Construction
A contextual approach to information privacy research	"In this position article, we synthesize various knowledge gaps in information privacy scholarship and propose a research agenda that promotes greater cross‐disciplinary collaboration within the iSchool community and beyond"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A contextual approach to information privacy research	We start by critically examining Westin's conceptualization of information privacy and argue for a contextual approach that holds promise for overcoming some of Westin's weaknesses.	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
A contextual approach to information privacy research	"We then highlight three contextual considerations for studying privacy—digital networks, marginalized populations, and the global context—and close by discussing how these considerations advance privacy theorization and technology design."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Professional Organizations in Twittersphere: An Empirical Study of U.S. Library and Information Science Professional Organizations‐Related Tweets	this study contributes an efficient approach to conducting automated analysis of LIS tweets.	JASIST	Resources
Examining users' partial query modification patterns in voice search	"The outcome of the project contributes to improving users' voice search experience and satisfaction, as well as providing guidance on the design of voice search systems. In the following, previous work, methodology, results, discussions, and conclusion will be presented in sequence."	JASIST	Applications
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"First, for better selection and weighting of the QE terms, we present a kernel‐function weighting formula consisting of a linear combination of two components. The first component is an effective classic PRF model (that is, the Rocchio model or RM3), which calculates the within‐document term weight in a traditional way (that is, the raw term frequency or distribution). The second component can be regarded as a refined version of the PRoc model, which can more effectively capture the proximity information between candidate and query terms in feedback documents. Therefore, the performance of our proposed model can be improved to some extent by adjusting the relative weights between these two components."	JASIST	Model Construction
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"Second, we improve the term co‐occurrence weight formula in our proposed framework. Specifically, in a few previous studies (for instance, Miao et al., 2012; Ye & Huang, 2016), the factor of the term discrimination power in the proposed models has been equal to log((N – N t + 0.5) / (N t + 0.5)), where N t traditionally represents the number of documents containing a specific term. However, in our proposed term co‐occurrence weight formula, we replace N t with another variant that considers the co‐occurrence information in the feedback documents. In other words, we simultaneously incorporate the co‐occurrence information into the calculation of the factor of the term discrimination power and the factor of the within‐document term weight. Thus, the co‐occurrence information is sufficiently utilized in the whole term weight formula to achieve better performance."	JASIST	Model Optimization
A simple kernel co‐occurrence‐based enhancement for pseudo‐relevance feedback	"Third, our proposal provides a promising avenue for the construction of better kernel‐based PRF approaches in the future. Extensive experiments on nine standard Text Retrieval Conference (TREC) collections also confirm the effectiveness of our proposed framework."	JASIST	Applications
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	This study investigates the content of questions and responses about the Zika virus on Yahoo!	JASIST	Resources
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	"The results indicate that consumers’ concerns changed over the 4 defined periods. Consumers paid more attention to the basic information about the Zika virus, and the prevention and protection from the Zika virus at the beginning of the outbreak of the Zika virus"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Public health and social media: A study of Zika virus‐related posts on Yahoo! Answers	"During the later periods, consumers became more interested in the role that the government and health organizations played in the public health emergency."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"he extensive literature on privacy risks has two major streams. One is theoretical, and seeks estimates of the probability that there is any query whose results will reveal an action of one of the system's users. The other exploits the use of side information, in combination with user actions, to unmask users. Instead, we ask how likely it is that aggregated information contained in that system, and used alone, will support a correct inference as to the actions of a specific targeted user. We do not seek to identify which specific individuals are at risk, as the data with which we work will not be made publicly available. We do not use a model in which the attacker exploits side information about the target. We identify two concepts."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"Visibility represents the probability that a single recommending activity will leave a visible trace in response to some query submitted “soon enough,” by an attacker."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Recommendations and privacy in the arXiv system: A simulation experiment using historical data	"Discoverability represents the probability that an attacker's query action, chosen at random, would reveal such a visible trace."	JASIST	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Authors' status and the perceived quality of their work: Measuring citation sentiment change in nobel articles	"contributed to a deeper understanding of citations, we are still far from fully understanding the relationship between citation sentiment and the authors who receive it. Thus, in this article we examine the impact of a change to authors' status on the perception of their work as measured by citation sentiment."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Curation as “Interoperability With the Future”: Preserving Scholarly Research Software in Academic Libraries	"our main contribution, a curation model and decision framework for preserving research software as a scholarly object"	JASIST	Model Construction
Perceived quality and self‐identity in scholarly publishing	"This research contributes to a deeper understanding about how perceived quality influences intention to publish in OA and non‐OA journals, and how self‐identity salience affects different facets of perceived quality in valence and strength."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Perceived quality and self‐identity in scholarly publishing	"Findings have implications for policy development, implementation, and assessment and may contribute to improving OA adoption."	JASIST	Resources
Personalization in text information retrieval: A survey	"This article surveys the literature of personalization in text retrieval, following a framework for aspects or factors that can be used for personalization"	JASIST	Model Construction
Personalization in text information retrieval: A survey	"This article also addresses various issues including when to personalize, the evaluation of PIR, privacy, usability, etc. Based on the extensive review, challenges are discussed and directions for future effort are suggested."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
A Simple Paradigm for Augmenting the Euclidean Index to Reflect Journal Impact and Visibility	"a simple axiom‐based method for also including journal impact in the Euclidean mechanism, if desired, is the intended contribution of this article."	JASIST	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Down the rabbit hole: Investigating disruption of the information encountering process	"The major contribution is a detailed explanation of why disruption occurs, through the identification of interrelated disrupting factors. All relate to the integral theme of caution when faced with an uncertain cost–benefit trade‐off."	JASIST	Theory Proposal
Toward action comprehension for searching: Mining actionable intents in query entities	"We compare different search strategies and their combinations for retrieving the action pool and develop three criteria for measuring the informativeness of the selected action samples, that is, the significance of an action sample within the pool, the representativeness of an action sample for the other candidate samples, and the diverseness of an action sample with respect to the selected actions."	JASIST	Performance Evaluation
Toward action comprehension for searching: Mining actionable intents in query entities	"Our experiment, based on the Action Mining (AM) query entity data set from the Actionable Knowledge Graph (AKG) task at NTCIR‐13, suggests that the proposed approach is effective in generating an informative and early‐satisfying ranking of potential actions for search users"	JASIST	Theory Proposal
"Cognitive mechanisms in sensemaking: A qualitative user study"	"Our results contribute to a better understanding of the sensemaking process—how people think—and this better understanding can inform the teaching of thinking skills and the design of improved sensemaking assistants and mind tools."	JASIST	Applications
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	A new cryptographic algorithm which has better authentication and encryption of data and uses quantum-inspired quantum walks.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	Secure transmission of data between different IOT devices is obtained by using the new cryptographic technique by using quantum hash functions by linkin blocks of chain	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Quantum-Inspired Blockchain-Based Cybersecurity: Securing Smart Edge Utilities in IoT-Based Smart Cities	Message attacks and Impersonation attacks can be tackled by using the new cryptographic algorithm was stated in security analysis	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Development of a dialogue-based guidance system for narrow area navigation	using the natural language dialogue for a dialog based indoor navigation system	IPM	Applications
Enhancing Traceability of Infectious Diseases: A Blockchain-Based Approach	New diseases information can be identified with the help of Blockchain based method.	IPM	Applications
Enhancing Traceability of Infectious Diseases: A Blockchain-Based Approach	"Information collection , Information Query and Informationstorage can be done using the Blockchain which is authentic."	IPM	Resources
SC-Com: Spotting Collusive Community in Opinion Spam Detection	Detection of false and spam reviews by using collusive community detection framework	IPM	Applications
SC-Com: Spotting Collusive Community in Opinion Spam Detection	Using the community-based and temporal abnormality features to differentiate spammers from others	IPM	Theory Proposal
Detecting research topic trends by author-defined keyword frequency	Research topic treands can be identified by using the author-defined keyword frequency prediction.	IPM	Applications
Detecting research topic trends by author-defined keyword frequency	"AKFP uses long short-term Memory and Temporal feature, Persistence, Community size, and Community development potential are used as inputs"	IPM	Theory Proposal
"A machine learning, bias-free approach for predicting business success using Crunchbase data"	A predictive model which helps in forecasting of a company success in the future	IPM	Model Construction
"A machine learning, bias-free approach for predicting business success using Crunchbase data"	"The forecasting of the company success results for precision, recall, and F1 scores were 57%, 34%, and 43%."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Recency and quality-based ranking question in CQAs: A Stack Overflow case study	An automatic proposal for quality and recency-based answer ranking.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Recency and quality-based ranking question in CQAs: A Stack Overflow case study	"From evaluation of 9 L2R algorithms, shows Coordinate Ascent and LambdaMart have the best performance."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Combat COVID-19 infodemic using explainable natural language processing models	Misinformation regarding Covid-19 are detected using DistilBERT and SHAP	IPM	Resources
Combat COVID-19 infodemic using explainable natural language processing models	DistilBERT model was used to check the performance of the selected data and the trust of users increased by SHARP	IPM	Model Optimization
A blockchain empowered and privacy preserving digital contact tracing platform	A Blockchain-empowered COVID-19 contact tracing platform has been introduced.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A blockchain empowered and privacy preserving digital contact tracing platform	The platform uses user identity data and activity trace data on the blockchain using SSI proofs to track and identify locationwhich helps in identifying patients	IPM	Applications
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	Mutual authentication protocols for IOT systems for decentralized data	IPM	Resources
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	Using Block-chain the attacks against the RFID are tested and examined	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Closed-loop and open-loop authentication protocols for blockchain-based IoT systems	BAN-Logic method is used to approve the closed loop and open loop authentication	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	The efffects of online social support by holding public emotions and knowledge overcoming the Covid-19 pandemic	IPM	Theory Proposal
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	"Developed a model which addresses beliefs of the online social support, cognition and emotion. Crawling and content analysis are used to identify the different online support given or received by people from Baidu Covid-19 bar"	IPM	Model Construction
Influence of Online Social Support on the Public's Belief in Overcoming COVID-19	"Insights on reduce the negative effects of quarantine, consolidate the theoretical basis of the public's beliefs were obtained"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"In realistic environments, a longitudinal study of cooperation during information-intensive projects."	IPM	Resources
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"The data was collected by initial demographic questionnaires, pre- and post-trip interviews, and self-reported diaries during the travel and was analyzed by using iteravtive coding."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Understanding roles in collaborative information behaviour: a case of Chinese group travelling	"Different CIB roles were identifyied which were self volunteered by the travelers including team player, all-rounder, influencer, authoritarian, supporter, and followers"	IPM	Theory Proposal
A high-performance native approach to adaptive blockchain smart-contract transmission and execution	An adaptive and continuous approach for storage requirements of smart-contracts	IPM	Resources
A high-performance native approach to adaptive blockchain smart-contract transmission and execution	"a semantically distinct blockchain architecture, which includes a new type of node whose function is to improve the storage used by smart-contracts"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Al-SPSD: Anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection in blockchain	A anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection method named Al-SPSD designed to increase security in Blockchain	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Al-SPSD: Anti-leakage smart Ponzi schemes detection in blockchain	"Al-SPSD is used to detect 1,621 active smart Ponzi schemes in Ethereum and with a f-score of 96 percent."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	Detection of dangerous transactions which causes harm using the block chain technology in the real time	IPM	Applications
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	Fortification of the Etherium virtual machine is done for detection of fraud transactions which will interrupt the execution during the runtime.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Security reinforcement for Ethereum virtual machine	"The strengthened FISCO-BCOS-evm has been implemented into the official release of FISCO-BCOS, which has been adopted by WeBank, a major Chinese bank."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	Introduce the new task of changing the narrative perspectives of a text which changes the experiene gained while reading it	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	Developed an system which transforms a first person or a second person view into a third person view	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Changing the narrative perspective: From deictic to anaphoric point of view	The results of above process shows a promissing approach as it shows that the text obtained is fluent and non-ambigious	IPM	Theory Proposal
Patent transformation opportunity to realize patent value: Discussion about the conditions to be used or exchanged	The transformation opportunities are discovered using the heterogeneous network based transformation opportunity prediction tool.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Patent transformation opportunity to realize patent value: Discussion about the conditions to be used or exchanged	The explainable heterogeneous network-based transformation condition method describes the transformation conditions are required to complete the transformation.	IPM	Applications
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	A decomposition based recommendation approach is proposed for address the scalability issues which arise when a customers join at rapid rate in recommendar systems	IPM	Model Optimization
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	used the Voronoi diagram differentiate the users’ space of the system coinsidering the location.	IPM	Resources
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	Improved the recommendation quality for the boundary users of a Voronoi cell	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Scalable recommendations using decomposition techniques based on Voronoi diagrams	"The scalability and efficacy of the approch is demonstrated by reducing the run time for baseline CF algorithm for MovieLens-100K, MovieLens-1M, Book-Crossing and TripAdvisor datasets"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Variances of Gaussian embeddings can be used to quantify semantic uncertainty.	IPM	Resources
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	There exist Zipfian regularities between word frequencies and semantic breadth/uncertainty.	IPM	Resources
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Zipfian patterns: more frequent words tends to be generic while less frequent ones tend to be specific.	IPM	Resources
Zipfian regularities in “non-point” word representations	Zipfian patterns can be leveraged to increase entailment detection performance.	IPM	Resources
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	"using a standardized category schema, we are able to identify dataset categories which favor the generalization potential of a model;"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	"we provide clear evidence that, in contrast to the argumentation in some recent works, e.g., Gröndahl, Pajola, Juuti, Conti, and Asokan (2018), the model itself is equally of high relevance for generalization;"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"How well do hate speech, toxicity, abusive and offensive language classification models generalize across datasets?"	we identify the dataset features and models that are responsible for a higher degree of generalization.	IPM	Model Construction
IoT root union: A decentralized name resolving system for IoT based on blockchain	It allows the IoT manufacturers to protect their own name resolution process by individually choosing a name for the management company.	IPM	Theory Proposal
IoT root union: A decentralized name resolving system for IoT based on blockchain	IoT-RU is a decentralized name resolution framework for IoT.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Edge-Based Blockchain Architecture for Event-Driven IoT using Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption	A blockchain architecture for IoT that protects privacy through Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption (HIBE).	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Edge-Based Blockchain Architecture for Event-Driven IoT using Hierarchical Identity Based Encryption	Many testings using Contiki OS are done to test the efficiency of the proposed architecture.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Bias-Aware Hierarchical Clustering for detecting the discriminated groups of users in recommendation systems	Introduced an unique method for identifying and defining potentially discriminated user groups for a given recommendation algorithm.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A movie recommendation method based on users' positive and negative profiles	"What to do, to predict users movie ratings by using a collaborative filtering algorithm to classify users movie preferences"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A movie recommendation method based on users' positive and negative profiles	"The MAE index of the conventional collaborative filtering system can be improved by 12.54 percent, the MAPE index by 17.68 percent, and the F1 index by 10.16 percent."	IPM	Model Optimization
ALICIA: Applied Intelligence in blockchain based VANET: Accident Validation as a Case Study	The Artificial Neural Network (ANN) is used to identify when and which nodes to remove during the consensus phase in ALICIA (Applied Intelligence in bloCkchaIn vAnet).	IPM	Applications
ALICIA: Applied Intelligence in blockchain based VANET: Accident Validation as a Case Study	"Hyperledger Fabric (HF), a blockchain platform established as part of the Hyperledger Project, is often used to implement the architecture, and uses the Practical Byzantine Fault Tolerance (PBFT) method to reach consensus because adding transactions to the blockchain does not need a large amount of computing capacity."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-service model for blockchain networks	The use of a decentralized authority to control multi-service networks and also this framework analyzes the offer and estimates the product price based on transaction complexity and computational effort.	IPM	Model Construction
On the design and implementation of a secure blockchain-based hybrid framework for Industrial Internet-of-Things	A hybrid Blockchain mechanism for securing a multi-national level IIoT with offices in different areas.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Utilize an off-chain storing mechanism to improve the scalability of the blockchain system.	IPM	Resources
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Develop a Decentralized Application (DApp) using Ethereum blockchain as a proof-of-concept of the proposed architecture.	IPM	Model Construction
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	"Conduct numerous tests to check the viability, compute costs, measure execution times and gauge the scalability of the developed prototypical DApp."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Analyze the robustness of the developed DApp against the most widespread security attacks.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Utilize an off-chain storing mechanism to improve the scalability of the blockchain system.	IPM	Model Optimization
Privacy Protected Blockchain Based Architecture and Implementation for Sharing of Students’ Credentials	Introduce a novel blockchain-based pragmatic architecture for secure sharing of students’ credentials among all the stakeholders in the education ecosystem.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based privacy preservation for supply chains supporting lightweight multi-hop information accountability	The blockchain technology to improve the information availability and accountability across multiple hops of large supply chains while carefully gauging data privacy and transparency.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	"This research proposes an approach to encountering online review helpfulness problem from three qualitative perspectives - lexical, sequential and structural, with best of our knowledge, this is the first time in the literature where helpfulness of reviews is analysed from these perspectives."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	The study implements a Dual CNN (D-CNN) model for analysing lexical perspective.	IPM	Applications
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	Structural perspective covers syntactic statistics of a review apart from the semantics of words.	IPM	Resources
Helpfulness of online consumer reviews: A multi-perspective approach	This work addresses the discrepancies involved in the helpfulness voting mechanism by scoring reviews with human volunteers.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	Temporal Changes in query activity is used for improving the result caching performance.	IPM	Resources
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	A new caching framework exploiting temporal variations in user query submissions is proposed.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	The proposed framework improves both hit rate and response time.	IPM	Model Construction
Exploiting temporal changes in query submission behavior for improving the search engine result cache performance	The proposed technique is transferable to posting list caching and intersection caching.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	QLLog can detect multiple types of log anomalies to reduce the false negative rate.	IPM	Resources
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	QLLog provides a feedback mechanism to update the detection model and the abnormal level of abnormal logs.	IPM	Resources
QLLog: A log anomaly detection method based on Q-learning algorithm	"We summarize the existing log anomaly detection methods, compare and analyze the advantages and disadvantages of them. The experimental result proves the superiority of QLLog."	IPM	Resources
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	"We propose a novel blockchain-based scheme, which securely executes the royalty transactions among various stakeholders in (OaG) industries."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	A new consensus mechanism Proof of Property (PoP) is designed for secure transaction between (OaG) company and landowners.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	We then analysed and compared the performance of the proposed scheme of royalty contract transactions with the existing state-of-the art proposals.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Blockchain-based royalty contract transactions scheme for Industry 4.0 supply-chain management	The performance of the proposed scheme is validated using various security parameters in comparison to the existing methods.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Identifying innovative ideas from different online reviews using deep learning	IPM	Theory Proposal
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	The long short-term memory (LSTM) model is used for identifying the innovation sentences	IPM	Model Optimization
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	"Validation of the model is done bys using Amazon reviews of 10,000 customers as it outperofrms baseline model"	IPM	Dataset Creation
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	This is the first to study the problem of co-clustering nodes on attributed HINs	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	A Framework called as SCCAIN used to effectively co-cluster nodes of different types at the same time.	IPM	Model Optimization
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"Aminer, DBLP, and a subset of the Alibaba consumer experience dataset were used in tests on three real-world datasets. SCCAIN is compared to different state-of-the-art models, and the experimental findings show that our model outperforms the baselines."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Set the relevance matrix as sharing variables to improve the overall relevance metric and co-clustering.	IPM	Model Optimization
NDDSA: A network- and domain-based method for predicting drug-side effect associations	A network and domain-based algorithm (NDDSA) that assigns a score to each side effect to predict the side effects of new drug candidates before reaching the a clinical test	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	A framework for understanding how eHealth literacy and content valence can affect users' willingness to post health articles on social media was proposed	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share positive health articles when they have extreme confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share negative health articles when they have moderate confirmation bias or no confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a low level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share health articles regardless of positive or negative content valence when they have moderate positive confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"we propose blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme without TTP, then we emphasize that our scheme is immune to privacy leakage from the third party and to collusion attacks of the cloud servers and the third party"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme establishes a model based on the blockchain technology (a public distributed ledger). Once reaching the consensus, everyone, including the verifier, has the access to query the proof of the data for unlimited times from the blockchain, and cannot manipulate the data on the blockchain"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme provides a solution to ensure the privacy-preserving public verification as well as the batch verification for multi-user data or multi-data simultaneously. It is secure against the malicious server and immune to the delayed auditor. Otherwise, it reduces the cost of the communication and storage"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	define and solve the social influence based community detection problem in EBSNs	IPM	Applications
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"propose to compute the structure-based social influence and behaviour-based social influence by considering both of the online social network structure and offline behaviours of EBSNs. In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Based on the obtained pairwise social influence, we devise a social influence based community detection (SICD) algorithm, in which a neighborhood based deep autoencoder is first proposed to learn the community-oriented latent representations of users, and then the widely used k-means clustering method is utilized to find communities."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"evaluate the performance of our community detection algorithm on real-world dataset which is collected from DoubanEvent (i.e., the biggest event-based social network in China). Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is suitable for community detection in EBSNs"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"the first time in the literature, we propose to learn the importance of aspects by re-ranking the candidate set for each aspect and leveraging QPPs. In the closest work to ours in the literature, Ozdemiray and Altingovde (2014) directly employed such QPP estimates as the aspect importance values, but they did not explore the idea of training a model to predict these values, as we do in the AspectRanker framework."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"adapt the LambdaMerge approach to search result diversification casting the diversification problem as a fusion task, namely the supervised merging of rankings per query aspect. Again, earlier works only considered traditional (unsupervised) merging strategies in this context (e.g., Ozdemiray & Altingovde, 2015), but did not exploit supervised learning. In our adaptation of LambdaMerge, we learn the aspects’ importance based on the representation quality of each aspect in the candidate set (as in AspectRanker), and we optimize an objective function that takes into account the relevance (of a document) to multiple aspects of a query."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"proposed frameworks, especially AspectRanker and LmDiv, outperform all three baselines in terms of various well-known metrics"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"the extractive text summarization was handled by three objectives based on the summarization dataset, the feature space and the methods used for determining an importance degree to sentences."	IPM	Applications
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed"	IPM	Dataset Creation
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The extractive summarization problem was revisited	IPM	Resources
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The syntactic and semantic feature spaces used in summarization were comprehensively investigated.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	An ensembled feature space was introduced on a new long short-term memory-based neural network model (LSTM-NN).	IPM	Resources
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization"	IPM	Theory Proposal
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We provide an inclusive, intelligent, semi-auto-constructed knowledge graph framework HKGB for the medical domain to build knowledge graphs."	IPM	Model Construction
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We analyze the capabilities and requirements of clinicians, design the tasks to involve the clinicians, and implement a clinician-in-the-loop tool set."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Introducing a robust decision-making procedure for selecting a model to explain the dynamic conversation topics. We design an adaptive framework to use gained knowledge for improving the results over time.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Using neural network transfer learning techniques to enhance the framework ability to detect unrelated messages over twitter data streams.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Create an automatic deep cleaning method to enhance the quality of data to perform better classification in a noisy environment.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We present an extensive review of the state of the art in misogyny detection.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We propose a state-of-the-art model to detect misogyny in social media, and test it on several benchmark datasets."	IPM	Model Construction
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We investigate the most predictive features to distinguish misogynistic content from not-misogynistic content.	IPM	Resources
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We investigate the relationship between misogyny and other abusive phenomena by conducting a cross-domain classification setting, leveraging the knowledge transfer from other kinds of hateful language to detect misogyny and vice versa."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We present the results of experiments in a cross-lingual setting, aiming at learning and generalizing knowledge about misogyny over datasets in different languages."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	IPM	Resources
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study to investigate deep learning algorithms in banking document understanding	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Automation of customer banking order documents reduced cycle times significantly	IPM	Applications
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Investigated traditional and deep learning approaches in noisy text NER	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Novel graph-based complex relation extraction algorithm outperforms previous methods	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	"N-ary, nested, document-level, and previously indeterminate quantity of complex relations extracted successfully"	IPM	Applications
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Incorporating document layout information improves performances substantially	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	Relation gated LSTM (R-LSTM) architecture that uses an additional control input to regulate the LSTM hidden state	IPM	Theory Proposal
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	Typed Dependency Tree-LSTM model using R-LSTMs for learning sentence semantic representation over the dependency parse tree.	IPM	Model Construction
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	A qualitative analysis of the role of typed dependencies in language understanding	IPM	Theory Proposal
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	propose a novel neighborhood-based recommendation model. The core component of the model is a hybrid gated network that is invulnerable to neighborhood noises when exploiting neighborhood information for recommendation	IPM	Model construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"first automatically separates similar neighbors from the dissimilar ones with a thresholding mechanism, and only aggregates those similar neighbors to produce the neighborhood representations. Then, it further filters out noises in the neighborhood by pooling representations of users and their neighborhood while considering the confidence level of the neighborhood information. Therefore, we are able to select the most informative neighbors and encode the credibility of neighborhood information for recommendation."	IPM	Model construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We explicitly preserve user-neighbor proximity for learning compact user representations. The user-neighbor similarities are captured by predicting users with their neighbors. Since the neighborhood representations are parameterized by the users, neighbors and the target items, user representations are learned by attending to the informative neighbors and specified for the recommendation task. We integrate the hybrid gated network and user-neighbor proximity components into a unified model, where they can mutually complement and reinforce each other to enhance the recommendation performance."	IPM	Model Optimization
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"validate the effectiveness of the proposed model with three public datasets, and demonstrate its advantage over the state-of-the-art models. We also study different variants of the proposed model to justify the intuitions underlying each of its components."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"stakeholder categorization and the topic analysis, resulting in a deeper understanding of privacy concerns of each type of stakeholders"	IPM	Resources
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"in an open social media platform, a variety of other stakeholders such as experts, privacy advocates, patient groups can also demonstrate their concerns, which demonstrates the feasibility of using social media for collecting views and opinions in this context"	IPM	Resources
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We explore a new problem of Speakers Coreference Resolution in legal texts, and provide annotated dataset for further research."	IPM	Dataset Creation
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We investigate two different solutions to resolve coreference, and create document-level graphs to integrate contextual information. It enables us to effectively establish dependencies between entities and avoid making locally consistent but globally inconsistent decisions"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"The proposed method achieves competitive performance, outperforming the baseline systems by a large margin, which can be applied in many downstream tasks such as question answering and text understanding."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"We introduce GENE, a method for generating user networks conditioned on the joint representation of users, entities, and the inclination of users towards those entities (positive, neutral or negative)."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"Extensive experiments indicate that for the task of controversy detection, GENE creates a rich representation of user networks, conditioned on polarized entities, that outperforms both lexicon-based methods as well as graph representations which do not exploit the entities and polarization contexts."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"In an early controversy detection setting, GENE also shows superior performance compared to other methods, favoring the early forecast of polarization in a user network and the characterization of a scenario for the emergence of controversy"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	We release a new dataset that includes news and conversational threads from which this study was conducted	IPM	Dataset Creation
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	Moment matching and geometry alignment are leveraged in a unified framework to handle multi-source domain adaptation problems	IPM	Model Optimization
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"The first-order MMDs measure the discrepancies between different domains, while Laplacian graphs are constructed to preserve the geometric structure. Specifically, MMDs are minimized to reduce the distribution gap of the source and target domains, while the similarity and discriminability of sample relationship are preserved in the designed undirected graphs"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	Both of moment matching and geometry alignment facilitate to learn a domain-invariant subspace where knowledge can be transferred across domains in the learned subspace.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"Based on the new representations learned in the common feature subspace, we propose two strategies (ALP-u and ALP-s) for pseudo-labeling in both low-dimensional subspace and high-dimensional RKHS. Predictions based on low-dimensional subspace avoid the curse of dimensionality (Duda, Hart, & Stork, 2012), while predictions on high-dimensional RKHS prevents the model from losing information in dimensionality reduction. Therefore, the accurate label prediction facilitate to update the subspace learning."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction	"We carry out extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of ALP-u and ALP-s on different domain adaptation scenarios, including traditional single-source-to-single-target, multi-sources-to-single-target and multi-sources-to-multi-targets. Our work surpasses state-of-the-arts on three benchmark datasets notably."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"A novel broad-coverage, domain-independent, unsupervised phonetic encoder for Roman Hindi/Urdu word normalization is presented, which utilizes a transliteration based approach to assign the same matching code to lexical variations of a Roman Urdu word. This technique is referred to as the Transliteration based Encoding technique for Roman Urdu word Normalization (TERUN"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	The impact of word standardization on Roman Urdu sentiment analysis classification accuracy is evaluated using TERUN and other established techniques.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN outperformed the other techniques: Soundex, Metaphone, Double-Metaphone, Caverphone, New York State Identification and Intelligence System (NYSIIS) and Kölner Phonetik (Kph), using accuracy as a performance measure. Also, statistical tests (t-test and confidence interval) show that the improvements are statistically significant."	IPM	Applications
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN and other established encoding techniques are intrinsically evaluated using 20,000 lexically variant words. The results clearly show the superiority of TERUN over the other encoding techniques."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN is also extended from a corpus dependent to a broad-coverage corpus independent Roman Urdu word normalization technique. To do this, a dataset of 50,000 of the most frequent Urdu words was collected and annotated to a standard Roman form using comprehensive annotation guidelines defined explicitly for this purpose."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"The proposition of Drink2Vec and an assessment on the most effective way to integrate distributional semantics with external enrichment contextual strategies to improve the classification of alcohol-related tweets. Drink2Vec encompasses Drink2Symbol, a method that evolved from our previous work (Grzeça et al., 2018"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"We demonstrate that drinking embeddings capture interesting nuances of alcohol consumption vocabulary, and that a stacking ensemble (Drink2Ensemble) balances the strengths of each method. Using our techniques, we outperformed existing baselines (Grzeça, Becker, Galante, 2018, Hossain, Hu, Feizi, White, Luo, Kautz, 2016). These methods can be adapted to several other domains, such as the consumption of other types of drugs, gender and social harassment, gender discrimination or violence, flame or hate, among others;"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"An evaluation of the contribution of the underlying contextual enrichment strategies to this classification problem according to a broad experimental setting. It encompasses distinct classifiers used in winning solutions on Kaggle competitions, five datasets addressing different alcohol consumption behaviors, and an in-depth analysis of the contributions of each contextual enrichment strategy to alcohol-related texting, and their integration."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"Two new datasets containing tweets mentioning alcohol and its consumption, which can be used in future studies related to the classification of alcohol-related tweets."	IPM	Dataset Creation
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A prevention system to Fake News rather than only a detection system	IPM	Model Optimization
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A customized Proof-of-Authority protocol	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	An applicable scenario of Blockchain technology outside of its financial roots	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We define a new application-oriented variation of the event relatedness classification task, which merges different fine-grained event relation types reported elsewhere into one concept, and which focuses on linking automatically extracted event templates, potentially containing erroneous and incomplete information,"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We explore and compare the relatedness classification performance on this new task across a range of shallow learning methods (including the current state-of-the-art methods) built on a set of linguistically lightweight features (some of which not presented elsewhere, e.g. HypernymOverlap via exploitation of BabelNet), being easily portable across languages,"	IPM	Applications
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We provide initial results of exploiting deep learning techniques for this purpose, and"	IPM	Applications
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	We create and make available to the research community a new moderate-size event corpus annotated with event relatedness information that appears bigger than other relevant resources made available to the community.	IPM	Dataset Creation
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	a framework to analyze the emotional reactions on Twitter to mass violence events	IPM	Model Construction
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"The framework encompasses different aspects of the analysis: crawling of representative pre/post-event tweets, inference of users’ demographics and location, and emotion classification. The framework addresses gaps of related work, which are limited to sentiment polarity mostly using sentiment lexicons, disregard the intrinsic properties of the users and the events, and typically address a single mass violent event"	IPM	Resources
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"The framework could be used to derive conclusions on the emotional reactions to all sorts of mass traumatic events (e.g., pandemics, urban violence, natural disasters)."	IPM	Applications
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"new insights on the emotional impact to mass shootings, which detail the prevalent basic emotions, and their relation to age, gender and proximity to the event. The findings could be generalized due to the use of eight mass shooting events. As a by-product, we produced datasets publicly available under the terms established by current Twitter Data Policy. The datasets comprise the tweets analyzed, the automatically labeled instances used as training sets, and a manually annotated Gold Standard."	IPM	Dataset Creation
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"a technique to automatically generate training seeds for the mass violence domain, and experiments with three deep learning strategies to develop an emotion classifier. CNN and biLSTM correspond to tailored solutions that explore distinct learning premises, and BERT represents a new tendency on NLP of developing models by fine-tuning large language representation models"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	We assessed these models’ performance and analyzed the influential features for classification using model explainability scores. The guidelines provided by our work for emotion classification may encourage wider adoption of deep learning models for social studies that leverage emotion mining on Twitter data.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We propose an entity-aware enhanced word representation with rich context, which enables the downstream modules to learn robust semantic features"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We combine the global gate structure and the PCNN (Zeng, Liu, Chen, & Zhao, 2015) to better capture the global and local features of the sentence."	IPM	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We introduce a gate mechanism after the max-pooling layer of the PCNN model, which assigns different weights to the three segments and highlights the effects of crucial segments."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	Our model is evaluated on a widely used benchmark dataset and outperforms most of the state-of-the-art methods.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	We propose a semantic rebasing mechanism to learn a sparse semantic graph structure over the training set to preserve similarity information shared by different modalities for binary code learning after geometric graph construction	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	"Different from those existing unsupervised cross-modal hashing methods, our method focus on both similarity preserving and quantization to gain satisfied retrieval performance. Besides, the auto-encoding structure is included to improve our model, which is seldom used in cross-modal hashing."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	"Comprehensive experimental evaluations are conducted on four popular datasets, including (Rasiwasia et al., 2010), MIRFlickr-25K (Huiskes & Lew, 2008), MSCOCO (Lin et al., 2014) and NUS-WIDE (Chua et al., 2009), showing the proposed model significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art unsupervised methods."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"his paper reviews the existing microblog user geolocalisation methods, and summarizes a general framework for microblog user geolocalisation. Along with the framework, we review the studies on user geolocalisation from the aspects of data acquisition, data preprocessing, location representation, user geolocalisation methods categorization, and evaluation metrics."	IPM	Theory Proposal
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Based on the input of the geolocalisation algorithm, we categorize microblog user geolocalisation methods into three categories: text-based methods, network-based methods, and multi-view based methods. We summarize the advantages and limitations of each type of method theoretically."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	We conduct a performance comparison of existing methods based on the results reported in existing literature with the most widely used real-world datasets and evaluation metrics. The advantages and disadvantages of existing methods are further uncovered by comparing them experimentally. Important research challenges that may need further attention are discussed according to our analysis.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Survey findings conclude that multiview-based methods are superior to the text-based methods as well as the network-based methods. Besides that, existing user geolocalisation methods cannot capture the user's home location change, resulting in the misjudged results. Also, how to locate users from multiple social platforms is relatively unaddressed. Hence, the geolocalization of users across multiple social platforms is one of the problems that deserve further research."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A review on the methodological and psychometric quality of both the instruments for consumer health information needs and those for patient needs that contained health information needs sections was conducted;	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A two-phase literature search strategy was applied to retrieve relevant validation studies;	IPM	Resources
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	"Overall, both groups of questionnaire instruments were not well developed: only structural validity, internal consistency tests and content validity analysis were performed in about 50 percent of them, while other types of validations were missing in most of them;"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Instruments used for assessing patient needs were found to have better tests of construct validity and handling of floor and ceiling effects;	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Theories and frameworks of information needs can be integrated within the development process to improve the design.	IPM	Resources
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	GSR measure tailored for SEs and its evaluation within the construct validity framework;	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	"audit, in terms of GSR, of several widely-known and used ranking algorithms;"	IPM	Resources
Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms	"estimation of the impact of different WE debiasing approaches, both on ranking effectiveness and countering gender bias."	IPM	Resources
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Proposing a robust and non-convex semi-supervised solution to the opinion spam detection problem.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Introducing Ramp loss function to decrease the effect of outliers and non-review opinions on the decision boundary of OC-SVM classifier.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Only 3.2% of the reviewed articles defined consumer health information needs (CHIN).	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	All definitions defined CHIN from a cognitive perspective.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Emotional and social dimensions of CHIN were largely ignored in the included studies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	There was a lack of consensus in measuring CHIN among studies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of measures	Health topics needed was the most commonly measured aspect.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Information needs are described as task-based activities.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	Task-based information needs are dependent of both individual characteristics and work task context.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	We introduce a novel differentiation between horizontal and vertical relationships for information needs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Need of migrating from token-based representations to synset-based ones to achieve better performance on spam filtering.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Review of current synset-based feature reduction schemes and representations.	IPM	Theory Proposal
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Introducing SDRS feature reduction process based on the usage of NSGA-II algoritm and semantic taxonomic relations between tokens	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Design and execute a experimental protocol to test the suitability of SDRS dimensionality reduction method.	IPM	Model Construction
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	Detecting shape of expertise is a practical and industry-motivated problem.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	A CNN-based model was proposed in this study to detect users’ shape of expertise.	IPM	Model Construction
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	The proposed method is based on matching both latent vectors of users and queries.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Social endorsement strongly negatively moderates the relationship between willingness to pay and payment behavior.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	"Perceived quality of free content, perceived credibility of content creators, and perceived quantity of participants positively influence users’ willingness to pay."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Perceived likeability of content creators has no significant influence on users’ willingness to pay.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	The relationship between perceived likeability of content creators and willingness to pay could be mediated by perceived credibility of content creators.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	A novel method called CBRDQ is proposed to measure the qualities of investor sentiments about a specific stock.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Different quality assessment methods are compared in a unifying stock recommendation framework.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	The proposed method is more appropriate for deriving sensible investment decisions than baselines.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	The effectiveness of CBRDQ confirms the variation of investors’ expertise in different stocks.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Findings in this study have implications for trading practice and judgment of the quality of a review.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Incorporating stock prices and news sentiments for stock market prediction: A case of Hong Kong	"Based on both technical indicators and news sentiments, the LSTM models outperform the MKL and the SVM in both prediction accuracy and F1 score."	IPM	Model Optimization
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	This paper investigates the effects of emotions in social media (ESM) on the stock market during the market crash using a cognition-based framework.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	"It is verified that ESM firstly influence the market cognition, and then influence the stock market during the market crash."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	High arousal ESM increases the probability of market cognition of a crash state both in-crash and post-crash periods.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	Positive valence ESM adjusts the market cognition to the stable state only in the later stage of the market crash	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond negative and positive: Exploring the effects of emotions in social media during the stock market crash	“Fear” and “Disgust” are the two significant sub-categorical emotions correlated with the market cognition during the market crash.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"the model is built based on prior work on web credibility assessment and tested in the special case of good abandonment, which supplies an empirical validation to the existing theories of credibility study"	IPM	Model Construction
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"he proposed model is validated and improved by search behavior in the scenario of good abandonment, which fills in the gap of understanding good abandonment behavior"	IPM	Model Optimization
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	the difference of credibility assessment criteria between the proposed model and other models inspires the UI/UX design of the result page in different search scenarios.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	A novel topic-mining method is proposed to identify initiators’ intentions from a plethora of project descriptions.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	The spatial allocation of donations is investigated by exploring the spatial patterns of cross-regional donation flows.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	Most of the donations are used to fund neglected children in rural areas and neglected elders.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring the donation allocation of online charitable crowdfunding based on topical and spatial analysis: Evidence from the Tencent GongYi	The flow of donations is not equitably distributed and tends to be concentrated in a few relatively developed regions.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Benefits of wikipedia for the automatic generation of educational domain modules.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	A new representation formalism for multilingual domain modules.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual domain topics.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying pedagogical relationships among topics.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual learning objects.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Development of an analysis of how Wikipedia disease-related articles in English evolve over time.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Historical information is extracted from the articles and how their content (references, characters, diagnostic-related terms) change over time is analysed"	IPM	Theory Proposal
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Most of the articles increase their content through time and this is not influenced by the number of references.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Hot topics/diseases attract highest number of editions and views.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Less well-known diseases have abrupt changes, which might be consequence of having new knowledge about them."	IPM	Theory Proposal
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We present an efficient strategy for augmenting existing paraphrase and non-paraphrase annotations in a consistent manner. This strategy generates additional annotations and enhances the performance of the data-hungry deep learning models.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We develop a multi-cascaded learning model for robust paraphrase detection in both clean and noisy texts. This model incorporates multiple learned and linguistic features in a wide and deep network for paraphrase detection.	IPM	Model Construction
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We address both clean and noisy texts in our presentation and show that the proposed model matches current best performances on benchmark datasets of both types.	IPM	Model Optimization
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We analyze the impact of various data augmentation steps and different components of the multi-cascaded model on paraphrase detection performance.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We address the problem of generating SRs from spatial data streams and static data in real-time. This problem is related to computing topological relationships and distances between spatial objects in a timely manner. Our work is the first attempt to utilize hierarchical tree structures such as R-tree for generating SRs.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We design a novel index structure based on R-tree with RRs called R3 index to store spatial objects and support SR generation. We devise an efficient and effective algorithm that leverages relationships and distances between the RRs to filter candidate objects and generate SRs.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using real-world datasets and report on the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Heuristic operators are proposed for interesting class association rule mining.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Our proposal remains focused and avoids the exponential curse of other alternatives.	IPM	Model Construction
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Generated rule sets are more attractive for the subsequent expert inspection.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Interesting descriptions of certain colorectal cancer cases were obtained.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Infection diagnosis is critical in social environments; otherwise diseases may spread fast.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Clinical decision support system was developed for infection diagnosis in nursing homes using small data; AUROC of 0.734 achieved.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"In small data environments, external sources of data can improve diagnosis performance with little cost."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"When considering additional data (social data and weather information), AUROC increases up to 0.798."	IPM	Model Optimization
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"For diagnosis, smaller leads (historical data) is preferred, but larger leads improve the results when adding social data."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Umrah is a Religious ritual that can happen any time in the year. Many people gather in the holy city of Makkah in Saudi Arabia which represents a health hazard.	IPM	Resources
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	It is difficult to identify crowding seasons for Umrah.	IPM	Resources
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Google Trends has been used in research to track people interest. It is used in this research to find Umrah monthly seasonality	IPM	Resources
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	Mass gathering is considered as intensifying factor for flu outbreaks	IPM	Resources
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	"In the Eastern Province of Saudi Arabia, there are seasons with more Umrah performers according to Google Trends. Mainly in the months of Rajab (7th month) and Ramadan (9th month), and ThuAlqidah (11th month) in the Islamic Lunar calendar."	IPM	Resources
Google trends identifying seasons of religious gathering: applied to investigate the correlation between crowding and flu outbreak	The research found a correlation between these months and flu cases reported in the Province hospital. Peaks were noticed three months after seasons of gatherings	IPM	Theory Proposal
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	The paper provides a practical guideline on the effective features to use in the feature engineering paradigm for Chinese medical literature section identification. We also show that this traditional approach performs very well in this task as compared with deep learning methods	IPM	Theory Proposal
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	The paper shows that it is important to consider the dependencies between sentences for section identification in both feature engineering and deep learning approaches	IPM	Theory Proposal
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	"The deep learning model outperforms traditional models when this feature is considered. Although the dependencies of sentences are considered in previous feature engineering studies for section identification, they were not studied in a deep learning context. Moreover, most previous studies taking this approach are based on short texts, such as abstracts. Our study increases the generalizability of this finding to the full text of Chinese traditional medical documents"	IPM	Model Optimization
Feature engineering vs. deep learning for paper section identification: Toward applications in Chinese medical literature	"This paper proposes a SLSTM deep learning model that is very effective for section identification. While we believe there exist other more effective models to be explored in future research, our study shows the potential of this particular model, which may be applicable to other generic sentence classification problems."	IPM	Model Construction
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose Rule Assembler, a configurable approach that is able to classify duplicate entities based on confidence scores, taking into account tunable parameters as well as user preferences;"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose four heuristics for turning the results produced by logical rules into confidence scores (i.e., a continuous quantification associated with the confidence produced by the rule regarding the duplicity of the entity pairs);"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose a novel auto-tuning algorithm for classifying duplicate entities based on confidence scores;	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose an efficient algorithm for tuning the parameters of the Rule Assembler (considering scenarios in which training data is available);	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We present an experimental evaluation of the proposed approach using both real-world and synthetic datasets, which indicates the usefulness and efficiency of the proposed approach, as well as its capacity to improve the results produced by baseline RbER algorithms in DNF and by the basic assembly approach (voting)"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	"Four biomedical areas, including general and internal medicine and complementary and alternative medicine receive more Facebook attention."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	No biomedical areas receive little Facebook attention.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	The relationship between Facebook mentions and citations varies by field and public interest.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Which health and biomedical topics generate the most Facebook interest and the strongest citation relationships?	Facebook mentions predict future citations less well for fields with variable public interest.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We propose a model for live streaming recommendation to improve performance.	IPM	Model Construction
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We address the problem of how to simultaneously make predictions from both viewer and anchor sides.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We develop multiple mechanisms to help the two sides learn from each other to enhance mutual learning.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	Experiment study demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed model and mechanisms.	IPM	Model Optimization
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The objective of this study is to systematically investigate the determinants of successful medical crowdfunding projects in China by conducting a mixed-methods approach.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	Health-related characteristics were found to be the most significant trigger influencing the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	A number of demographic and social factors are also significantly related to the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The study sheds light on the localized practices of medical crowdfunding in China with global insights.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential information provenance for mHealth technologies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Distributed data management via consortium blockchains.	IPM	Resources
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential smart-contract execution via trusted execution environments.	IPM	Resources
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"research of data behavior generated by smart contracts and users in Ethereum, including the trend of Balance and the changes of Ether, transaction activities generated by users and smart contracts."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"based on our analysis of these contracts, we find that the transaction behavior has independent characteristics between different types of contracts"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"We collected more than 10,000 smart contracts from Ethereum and manually analyzed the behavior of their transactions. We finally find out four behavior patterns that can help us to have a better understanding of the contracts’ transaction behavior, and they could be used to distinguish different types of contracts."	IPM	Resources
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"To further research on this topic, we constructed 14 basic features to describe the transaction behavior. They are time-series data and constructed based on the major activities of a contract."	IPM	Model Construction
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	We propose a data slicing approach for slicing the collected smart contracts to solve the problem of insufficient datasets. Then we use them for training an LSTM network and the results show the effectiveness of our approach.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	"In the academic context, focused on the peer seeking behavior in pages, movements and pathways from experimental situation."	IPM	Resources
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	"Three types for pathways are identified by cluster analysis, combined with questionnaires and interviews."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	The search intensions have an impact on the different pathways.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Research on pathways of expert finding on academic social networking sites	Implications for the interface design of ASNS are proposed based on the characteristics of searching process.	IPM	Theory Proposal
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	his paper addresses the problem of victim item deletion based sensitive pattern hiding using PSO.	IPM	Theory Proposal
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"In VIDPSO algorithm, victim items are chosen based on their participation in sensitive patterns. The priority is given to the item appearing in more number of sensitive patterns. Hence, the deletion of one victim item from a specified number of transactions masks more than one sensitive pattern. Therefore, it incurs less data loss."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"In the dense dataset, the support count values of itemsets are generally high. Therefore, a large number of transactions need to be deleted to hide sensitive itemsets, which causes high misses cost and data loss. The proposed algorithm hides the sensitive patterns from dense datasets with less data loss and misses cost."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	"The deletion of transactions reduces the size of the dataset and also the value of minimum support count. So, it does not reduce the support count of itemsets large enough to convert sensitive frequent itemsets into infrequent ones, which leads to high hiding failure, especially in dense datasets. Hence, VIDPSO proves to be an effective algorithm to hide sensitive itemsets."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
VIDPSO: Victim item deletion based PSO inspired sensitive pattern hiding algorithm for dense datasets	The proposed VIDPSO algorithm has more exploration capability gained by introducing the idea of traversing new paths (transactions) in the velocity updating method. It helps to find an optimal solution with fast convergence.	IPM	Model Construction
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Emotion-based approach for efficient search and media management represents an important part of personalized music information retrieval.	IPM	Model Optimization
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Efficient system for detecting affective music content on a dimensional model of emotions is developed.	IPM	Model Construction
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Proposed approach uses human cochlear model and Convolutional neural network to extract relevant music features.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	The experimental results prove the effectiveness of our proposal in all aspects of music emotion recognition.	IPM	Model Optimization
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The transformative computing in advanced data analysis was proposed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The advanced data analysis processes in different structures were described.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The possible application of transformative computing was presented	IPM	Applications
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We develop a new method MGAT, which incorporates attention mechanism into the graph neural network framework, to disentangle user preferences on different modalities."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"Technically, the model introduces the gated attention mechanism to control and weight the information flow in multimodal interaction graphs, which facilitates the understanding of user behaviors."	IPM	Model Construction
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We perform extensive experiments on two datasets to verify the rationality and effectiveness of MGAT. Moreover, because of user privacy, only user IDs are considered in this work. We will release the code and parameter settings upon acceptance."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	"To increase the identification of cancerous lesions in mammograms,"	IPM	Resources
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	"Aimed to create the BDR-CNN-GCN system, which integrates multiple advanced neural networks they are graph convolutional network (GCN), convolutional neural network (CNN) & rank-based stochastic pooling (RSP) which are named as Net-0, Net-1…Net-5."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Improved Breast Cancer Classification Through Combining Graph Convolutional Network and Convolutional Neural Network	Among the six neural networks Net-5 is considered as the best as its results as good.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	This problem is addressed using a novel self-training method for optimizing GCN accuracy on semi-supervised classification tasks.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	A very optimistic study observations are identified using a margin score and a rank-based model. This framework can be used for a variety of GCNs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Rank-based self-training for graph convolutional networks	Four GCN variants are taken into account in the analysis. Self-training on variations including its four GCN models yielded the highest performance for rank aggregation.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	"The aim is to solve the issues which occurs with semi supervised learning, it is which Semi-supervised learning involves using both labelled as well as unlabeled samples to learn."	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	The need for a standard evaluation parameter regarding sampling from unlabeled data to derive relevant unlabeled data points is one of the key problems of semi-supervised learning.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Selection Metric for semi-supervised learning based on neighborhood construction	"For sampling from unlabeled data, the chosen strategy employs a neighborhood construction algorithm based on maximum data points and an Apollonius circle."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"Glaucoma is an eye disease, it can be ditected by experts but considering china it is tough as it has huge population. Even though automatic diagnosis procedures are discovered, still the major concern introduced here is how to increase the accuracy of automated diagnosis by taking complexity into account and extracting crucial details from multimodal data such as patient symptoms, photographs, and texts."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"The methods used to solve are Bayesian deep multisource learning (BDMSL) model, multisource learning."	IPM	Model Optimization
Glaucoma diagnosis in the Chinese context: An uncertainty information-centric Bayesian deep learning model	"As per the results obtained from the data taken from an eye hospital in china, BDMSL model gives the accurate results after testing with both models."	IPM	Model Optimization
A comparative study of effective approaches for Arabic sentiment analysis	"Arabic sentiment analysis has gotten more recognition, with several methods demonstrating considerable success in identifying sentiment through various datasets. The main concern here is to identify the most effective method so as to identify the major field limitations in Arabic sentiment analysis and recommend the far more pressing suggestions for future analysis in this field."	IPM	Model Construction
A comparative study of effective approaches for Arabic sentiment analysis	BERT-based models for Arabic SA is applied and their conduct is differentiated with current SA techniques. Result is that using Arabic basic BERT is preferable.	IPM	Applications
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	"While gathering sentiments and producing investment decisions, forecasting and estimating the characteristics of investor sentiments is a crucial challenge. Here in this article it is said to be proved that the importance of concluding that the characteristics of a single user's feelings against dissimilar stocks are not the same."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	Proposed a novel method called correlation-based robust dynamic qualities (CBRDQ) to model the qualities of investor sentiments more accurately by considering the correlations among stocks.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Assessing dynamic qualities of investor sentiments for stock recommendation	"Based on a large-scale dataset from the real-world investor platform StockTwits, we evaluate CBRDQ and several conventional methods in a unifying stock recommendation framework"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	Proposed a novel accuracy-diversity trade-off framework for RecSys via graph convolutions. The model operates on a NN graph to improve accuracy and on a FN graph to improve diversity.	IPM	Model Construction
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	We develop design strategies that estimate the joint model parameters in view of both accuracy and diversity.	IPM	Model Construction
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	We analyze the joint model in the graph-spectral domain to provide an alternative interpretation of how the proposed approach balances accuracy with diversity. 	IPM	Model Optimization
Accuracy-diversity trade-off in recommender systems via graph convolutions	"We evaluate two types of trade-offs: i) an accuracy-diversity trade-off w.r.t. catalog coverage (i.e., aggregated diversity), and ii) an accuracy-diversity trade-off w.r.t. list diversity (i.e., individual diversity)."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	We first propose an unsupervised topic model named VAETM for short texts.	IPM	Model Construction
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	We then consider label information in dataset to boost VAETM.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	A KL-divergence-based algorithm is used to infer approximate posterior distribution.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A neural topic model with word vectors and entity vectors for short texts	Extensive experiments demonstrate our models outperform state-of-the-art baselines.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We propose a model for live streaming recommendation to improve performance.	IPM	Model Optimization
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We address the problem of how to simultaneously make predictions from both viewer and anchor sides.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	We develop multiple mechanisms to help the two sides learn from each other to enhance mutual learning.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A deep bi-directional prediction model for live streaming recommendation	Experiment study demonstrates the effectiveness of the proposed model and mechanisms.	IPM	Model Optimization
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The objective of this study is to systematically investigate the determinants of successful medical crowdfunding projects in China by conducting a mixed-methods approach.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	A number of demographic and social factors are also significantly related to the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	The study sheds light on the localized practices of medical crowdfunding in China with global insights.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Understanding the determinants of online medical crowdfunding project success in China	Health-related characteristics were found to be the most significant trigger influencing the success of medical crowdfunding in China.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential information provenance for mHealth technologies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Distributed data management via consortium blockchains.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Amanuensis: Information provenance for health-data systems	Confidential smart-contract execution via trusted execution environments.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"We collected more than 10,000 smart contracts from Ethereum and manually analyzed the behavior of their transactions. We finally find out four behavior patterns that can help us to have a better understanding of the contracts’ transaction behavior, and they could be used to distinguish different types of contracts."	IPM	Resources
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	"To further research on this topic, we constructed 14 basic features to describe the transaction behavior. They are time-series data and constructed based on the major activities of a contract."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Transaction-based classification and detection approach for Ethereum smart contract	We propose a data slicing approach for slicing the collected smart contracts to solve the problem of insufficient datasets. Then we use them for training an LSTM network and the results show the effectiveness of our approach.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	The decentralized management of the security-related information in the smart city ecosystem is discussed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	Blockchain-based identity management and access control is integrated within FIWARE	IPM	Applications
Blockchain-based authentication and authorization for smart city applications	The comparison of the proposed approach with the one using databases has been presented.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	We explore the use of Variational Autoencoders for syntactic Web Service discovery.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	"We evaluate our approach using a 17113-service dataset, the largest among the research community."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	"Our approach outperforms service engines based on traditional dimensionality reduction techniques (LSA, LDA)."	IPM	Model Optimization
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	Our approach outperforms service engines based on Word Embeddings.	IPM	Model Optimization
Discovering web services in social web service repositories using deep variational autoencoders	Average query processing times and VAE training times confirm that our approach is viable in practice.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Benefits of wikipedia for the automatic generation of educational domain modules.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	A new representation formalism for multilingual domain modules.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual domain topics.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying pedagogical relationships among topics.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How can wikipedia be used to support the process of automatically building multilingual domain modules? a case study.	Characteristics of wikipedia for identifying multilingual learning objects.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	"This study contributes to generating the Roman Urdu corpus by annotating 10,021 reviews for the task of sentiment analysis."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	The deep learning models such as RCNN can help in text classification task for the under resource Urdu language.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Deep sentiments in Roman Urdu text using Recurrent Convolutional Neural Network model	"The RCNN outperforms Rule-based and N-gram methods, due to its ability to learn a language-independent textual context."	IPM	Model Optimization
Listening to the investors: A novel framework for online lending default prediction using deep learning neural networks	"Our work has collected a massive P2P-domain dataset of online user reviews from Wangdaizhijia comprising of over 440000 online comments on about 6000 online P2P lending companies, which covers most of the China's P2P market."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Listening to the investors: A novel framework for online lending default prediction using deep learning neural networks	"As for predictive clues from the investor perspective, we model it as a keyword extraction issue and propose an improved EBCC sequence labeling model."	IPM	Model Construction
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	"A novel method, named FS-MLC, for feature selection in Multi-label classification is proposed."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	FS-MLC uses clustering to find the similarity among features.	IPM	Theory Proposal
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	It is a wrapper method that does not require generating the number of feature subsets linearly proportional to the number of labels in the dataset.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	It reduces the dimensionality of the dataset up to 23%-93%.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
FS-MLC: Feature selection for multi-label classification using clustering in feature space	The experimental results show an impressive prediction performance improvement of the associated classifiers.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Need of migrating from token-based representations to synset-based ones to achieve better performance on spam filtering.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Review of current synset-based feature reduction schemes and representations.	IPM	Theory Proposal
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Introducing SDRS feature reduction process based on the usage of NSGA-II algoritm and semantic taxonomic relations between tokens.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
SDRS: A new lossless dimensionality reduction for text corpora	Design and execute a experimental protocol to test the suitability of SDRS dimensionality reduction method.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	Detecting shape of expertise is a practical and industry-motivated problem.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	A CNN-based model was proposed in this study to detect users’ shape of expertise.	IPM	Model Construction
Mining shape of expertise: A novel approach based on convolutional neural network	The proposed method is based on matching both latent vectors of users and queries.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Social endorsement strongly negatively moderates the relationship between willingness to pay and payment behavior.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	"Perceived quality of free content, perceived credibility of content creators, and perceived quantity of participants positively influence users’ willingness to pay."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	Perceived likeability of content creators has no significant influence on users’ willingness to pay.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring payment behavior for live courses in social Q&A communities: An information foraging perspective	The relationship between perceived likeability of content creators and willingness to pay could be mediated by perceived credibility of content creators.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Crawl the web services or API from PW (i.e., online web repository) to generate datasets of services."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Investigate various topic modeling methods to extract latent factors i.e., topics from the services so that services can be represented in the form of topic vectors and dimensionality reduction can be achieved by selecting relevant words in the topics."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	Deploy Gibbs Sampling algorithm for Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture (GSDMM) model on datasets for the representation of services and dimensionality reduction.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	"Apply various clustering methods on the services, which are represented as topic vectors by applying topic modeling and GSDMM methods, to group similar services into the same domain."	IPM	Applications
Evaluation of web service clustering using Dirichlet Multinomial Mixture model based approach for Dimensionality Reduction in service representation	Evaluate the performance of methods by applying intrinsic and extrinsic measures and determine the effective dimension reduction and clustering approach for web service.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	It analyzes the knowledge shared by employees and suppliers within an enterprise social network.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Internal and external social networks have a different and powerful impact on process improvement.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Internal and external social networks influence the average cycle time of handling claims.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Business process improvement and the knowledge flows that cross a private online social network: An insurance supply chain case	Not all the characteristics of the social network influence process improvement.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"A unified location recommendation framework that combines geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity is proposed to measure users’ check-in probability of unvisited locations."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	A novel method is developed based on category hierarchy to capture categorical preference by calculating the semantic similarity between location tags.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"Unlike existing studies, location popularity is exploited as a global attribute of location in this study. The priority ranks of locations derived by all three types of preferences are further adjusted by location popularity."	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Location recommendation by combining geographical, categorical, and social preferences with location popularity"	"The proposed recommendation approach is experimentally evaluated on two large-scale datasets collected from Weeplaces and Yelp; subsequently, it is compared with two state-of-the-art location recommendation baselines."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	The article scrutinizes influencing models and determinants in 229 big data studies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Big data adoption research (BDAD) is broadly dispersed across different domains.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	The models emphasize mainly on variance-based relationships and snapshot prediction with little consensus.	IPM	Model Construction
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	The analysis highlights vibrant determinants of BDAD within each model and level of analysis.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Influencing models and determinants in big data analytics research: A bibliometric analysis
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Insights of this bibliometric study could guide rigorous big data research and practice in various contexts.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We formally introduce the task of predicting corpus-independent term specificity based on a collection of neural embeddings.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	"We propose a host of unsupervised specificity metrics for predicting specificity based on neural embeddings. Further, we show that our proposed neural embedding-based metrics are robust to the choice of the pre-trained embeddings by assessing them over three different pre-trained embeddings."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We show how the proposed neural embedding-based specificity metrics can serve as pre-retrieval QPP methods. The proposed specificity metrics show promising performance when predicting query performance.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Neural embedding-based specificity metrics for pre-retrieval query performance prediction	We offer two gold standard test collections consisting of term specificity measurements defined in relation to Wikipedia and DMOZ categories. These collections are made publicly available for replication studies.	IPM	Resources
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	"We firstly propose to utilize global context to guide deformable convolution, which can obtain reasonable receptive fields with a global perspective."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	We introduce the class-wise global context to handle intensity non- uniformities in cross-modal organ segmentation.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Global context and boundary structure-guided network for cross-modal organ segmentation	A novel loss which focuses on the areas near the boundary is proposed here and can deal with the border blurs well.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	We study the problem of video question answering from the viewpoint of modeling the rough video representation and the grounded video representation. The joint question-video representation based on rough representation and grounded representation of video is learned for answer predicting.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	"We propose the grounded cross-attention network learning framework, which is a novel hierarchical cross-attention method with a 
  cross-attention layer and a 
  cross-attention layer. The proposed GCANet adopts a novel mutual attention learning mechanism."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Video question answering via grounded cross-attention network learning	We construct two large-scale datasets for video question answering. The extensive experiments validate the effectiveness of our method.	IPM	Dataset Creation
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	To study the irony detection problem for the English and the Spanish languages on two widely used corpora.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	"To present an approach based on Transformer Encoders for contextualizing pre-trained Twitter word embeddings. This system was the first ranked system in the IroSVA competition and, to our knowledge, it has achieved the second-best result on the corpus of SemEval."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	To propose several analysis strategies towards the understanding of the behavior of Transformer Encoder models and the features captured by them when addressing the irony detection problem e.g. word polarity and relationships among words.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformer based contextualization of pre-trained word embeddings for irony detection in Twitter	"To provide, under request, the implementation of our system for research purposes."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	A systematic literature review of social media bots detection methods based on Kichenham and Charters guidelines (2007).	IPM	Theory Proposal
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	A refined taxonomy for social media bots detection methods is proposed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	Comparisons between current detection methods are represented.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Detection of Bots in Social Media: A Systematic Review	Identification of some gaps in this research area to guide future researches.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	We propose and orchestrate new pre-processing steps for text classification pipelines.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	"We explore meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling."	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	We provide thorough evaluations of the trade-offs between costs and effectiveness.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	Our final representations are more effective than word embeddings (up to 46%).	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Extended pre-processing pipeline for text classification: On the role of meta-feature representations, sparsification and selective sampling"	Our processes induce large reductions in computational costs and memory consumption.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We propose a novel visual dialog method with multi-level attention.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	Three high-level attention modules are devised to select important words.	IPM	Model Construction
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We also use attention to select relevant regions in the image.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-Modal fusion with multi-level attention for Visual Dialog	We show the multi-level attention is effective in the visual dialog.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"he model is built based on prior work on web credibility assessment and tested in the special case of good abandonment, which supplies an empirical validation to the existing theories of credibility study"	IPM	Model Construction
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	"the proposed model is validated and improved by search behavior in the scenario of good abandonment, which fills in the gap of understanding good abandonment behavior"	IPM	Model Optimization
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	the difference of credibility assessment criteria between the proposed model and other models inspires the UI/UX design of the result page in different search scenarios.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"This work contributes to the literature of information credibility by incorporating message format to prior studies, thus building a holistic framework"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"This study enriches the current knowledge about information credibility in microblog context by verifying the effects of key predictors of credibility from a nonlinear perspective, which is an early effort to explore nonlinear relationships in user evaluation of microblog information credibility."	IPM	Theory Proposal
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	This paper presents a new hybrid loss function that enables the text summarisation model to generate easy-to-read simplified summaries.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A new evaluation measure for the combined tasks of summarisation and simplification has been proposed.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	Dataset Creation
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	Dataset Creation
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	"The proposed hybrid approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art neural text simplification and abstractive text summarisation models by 38.94% and 53.40%, respectively."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We develop an encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (ED-Net).	IPM	Model Construction
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We introduce a synthetic loss function to overcome the data imbalanced problem.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We propose a novel method using ED-Net for intracranial hemorrhage segmentation.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We evaluate ED-Net on a multi-center intracranial hemorrhage clinical dataset.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	Both quantitative and visual results show ED-Net outperforms other methods.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We propose the shallowest-possible, and perhaps the shallowest-ever, convolutional neural network model that can predict emotions from real-life, noisy, laggy, internet-based (in-the-wild) videos real-time, capturing nuances of emotions, i.e. value- and time-continuous affect prediction."	IPM	Model Construction
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The research we present in this paper is directly relevant to healthcare for applications such as real-time patient monitoring, AI-assisted doctor-patient consultations."	IPM	Theory Proposal
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The proposed models are computationally inexpensive, can be embedded into devices such as smartglasses."	IPM	Model Construction
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We use a novel feature selection paradigm that is driven by feature attribution score computations.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We investigate and reason the AI performance, present computations on how exactly it utilises the input features to make affect-related predictions (Explainable AI)."	IPM	Theory Proposal
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We compute the relevance and utilisation of facial action unit (FAU)-derived features by the model, comparing it against the human perception of emotion expression."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	We extend this FAU-based ’affect’ prediction approach to the FAU-based ’pain-intensity’ prediction problem.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"As FAUs can be extracted in near real-time, and because the models we developed are exceptionally shallow, this study paves the way for a robust, cross-cultural, end-to-end, in-the-wild real-time affect and pain prediction, that is also (nuanced or) value- and time-continuous."	IPM	performance Evaluation
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	We find that the relationship with same semantic but different entity directions are easily confused. The concept of discrimination is proposed and used to solve this issue.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	Model Optimization
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	Experimental results demonstrate that the proposed Di-LCNN significantly outperforms the state-of-the-art models.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"To the best of our knowledge, this is the first to study the problem of co-clustering nodes on attributed HINs. By designing the unified framework SCCAIN, we can effectively co-cluster nodes of different types at the same time."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Our work overcomes the mentioned challenges including the integration of structural and attributed information and the suitable sharing factors of co-clustering and relevance measure.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	We propose a novel relevance measure that utilizes multiple meta-paths with learnable weights for the structural relevance and a parameterized attributed relevance measure for attributes in different spaces.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	We alternately optimize overall relevance measure and co-clustering by setting the relevance matrix as sharing factors.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	"We perform extensive experiments on three real-world datasets, including Aminer, DBLP and a subset of Alibaba user activity dataset."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	We compare SCCAIN against the various state of the arts and the experimental results discriminate that our model outperforms the baselines.	IPM	Model Optimization
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share positive health articles when they have extreme confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a high level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share negative health articles when they have moderate confirmation bias or no confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Promoting users’ intention to share online health articles on social media: The role of confirmation bias	Users with a low level of eHealth literacy are more likely to share health articles regardless of positive or negative content valence when they have moderate positive confirmation bias.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"In this paper, we propose blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme without TTP, then we emphasize that our scheme is immune to privacy leakage from the third party and to collusion attacks of the cloud servers and the third party."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme establishes a model based on the blockchain technology (a public distributed ledger). Once reaching the consensus, everyone, including the verifier, has the access to query the proof of the data for unlimited times from the blockchain, and cannot manipulate the data on the blockchain."	IPM	Model Construction
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	"Our scheme provides a solution to ensure the privacy-preserving public verification as well as the batch verification for multi-user data or multi-data simultaneously. It is secure against the malicious server and immune to the delayed auditor. Otherwise, it reduces the cost of the communication and storage."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based privacy-preserving remote data integrity checking scheme for IoT information systems	The security analysis and experiment results demonstrate that this protocol is suitable for a secure and practical real-world application.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	We define and solve the social influence based community detection problem in EBSNs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"In particular, we adopt the neighborhood overlap ratio between a pair of linked users to measure the structure-based social influence, and utilize the similarities of preferences on three aspects (i.e., topics, regions and organizers) through users’ offline behaviours to measure the behaviour-based social influence"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Besides, in order to derive the unified pairwise social influence, we propose to combine these two types of social influences through a weight function."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"Based on the obtained pairwise social influence, we devise a social influence based community detection (SICD) algorithm, in which a neighborhood based deep autoencoder is first proposed to learn the community-oriented latent representations of users, and then the widely used k-means clustering method is utilized to find communities."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Social influence based community detection in event-based social networks	"We evaluate the performance of our community detection algorithm on real-world dataset which is collected from DoubanEvent (i.e., the biggest event-based social network in China). Experimental results show that the proposed algorithm is suitable for community detection in EBSNs."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We leverage supervised learning methods to improve the effectiveness of explicit search result diversification.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as that of learning a ranking model, based on the coverage of query aspects by each candidate document."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	We learn the importance of query aspects by re-ranking the candidate documents for each aspect and leveraging query performance predictors.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Supervised approaches for explicit search result diversification	"We cast the diversification problem as a fusion task, namely, the supervised merging of rankings per query aspect."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"A new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The extractive summarization problem was revisited.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	The syntactic and semantic feature spaces used in summarization were comprehensively investigated.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	An ensembled feature space was introduced on a new long short-term memory-based neural network model (LSTM-NN).	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization."	IPM	Model Optimization
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We provide an inclusive, intelligent, semi-auto-constructed knowledge graph framework HKGB for the medical domain to build knowledge graphs."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We analyze the capabilities and requirements of clinicians, design the tasks to involve the clinicians, and implement a clinician-in-the-loop tool set."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Introducing a robust decision-making procedure for selecting a model to explain the dynamic conversation topics. We design an adaptive framework to use gained knowledge for improving the results over time.	IPM	Model Optimization
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Using neural network transfer learning techniques to enhance the framework ability to detect unrelated messages over twitter data streams.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
A topic modeling framework for spatio-temporal information management	Create an automatic deep cleaning method to enhance the quality of data to perform better classification in a noisy environment.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We present an extensive review of the state of the art in misogyny detection.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We propose a state-of-the-art model to detect misogyny in social media, and test it on several benchmark datasets."	IPM	Model Construction
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	We investigate the most predictive features to distinguish misogynistic content from not-misogynistic content.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We investigate the relationship between misogyny and other abusive phenomena by conducting a cross-domain classification setting, leveraging the knowledge transfer from other kinds of hateful language to detect misogyny and vice versa."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Misogyny Detection in Twitter: a Multilingual and Cross-Domain Study	"We present the results of experiments in a cross-lingual setting, aiming at learning and generalizing knowledge about misogyny over datasets in different languages."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study using visual and textual information for deep-learning based information extraction on text-intensive and visually rich scanned documents	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	First study to investigate deep learning algorithms in banking document understanding	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Automation of customer banking order documents reduced cycle times significantly	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Investigated traditional and deep learning approaches in noisy text NER	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Novel graph-based complex relation extraction algorithm outperforms previous methods	IPM	Model Optimization
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	"N-ary, nested, document-level, and previously indeterminate quantity of complex relations extracted successfully"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Information Extraction from Text Intensive and Visually Rich Banking Documents	Incorporating document layout information improves performances substantially	IPM	Theory Proposal
An enhanced Tree-LSTM architecture for sentence semantic modeling using typed dependencies	"To propose a generic LSTM architecture that can capture the type of relationship between elements of the input sequence and,"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
	To develop a deep neural network model that can learn a better semantic representation of sentences using its dependency parse structure as well as the typed dependencies between words.	IPM	Model Construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	We propose a novel neighborhood-based recommendation model. The core component of the model is a hybrid gated network that is invulnerable to neighborhood noises when exploiting neighborhood information for recommendation	IPM	Model Construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"it first automatically separates similar neighbors from the dissimilar ones with a thresholding mechanism, and only aggregates those similar neighbors to produce the neighborhood representations."	IPM	Model Construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"It further filters out noises in the neighborhood by pooling representations of users and their neighborhood while considering the confidence level of the neighborhood information. Therefore, we are able to select the most informative neighbors and encode the credibility of neighborhood information for recommendation."	IPM	Applications
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We explicitly preserve user-neighbor proximity for learning compact user representations. The user-neighbor similarities are captured by predicting users with their neighbors. Since the neighborhood representations are parameterized by the users, neighbors and the target items, user representations are learned by attending to the informative neighbors and specified for the recommendation task."	IPM	Model construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We integrate the hybrid gated network and user-neighbor proximity components into a unified model, where they can mutually complement and reinforce each other to enhance the recommendation performance."	IPM	Model Construction
A unified model for recommendation with selective neighborhood modeling	"We validate the effectiveness of the proposed model with three public datasets, and demonstrate its advantage over the state-of-the-art models. We also study different variants of the proposed model to justify the intuitions underlying each of its components."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	10 categories of stakeholders expressed 9 types of privacy concerns in the Twitter discussions about the Australian My Health Record.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"Different roles of stakeholders demonstrate different focuses of privacy concerns, and it will be useful to involve them early in the rollout of personal health records."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	"Stakeholders of personal health records shows enthusiasm for improving privacy issues, and social media can be a useful channel for collecting feedback."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Privacy concerns of the Australian My Health Record: Implications for other large-scale opt-out personal health records	We also discuss the implications for improving the consent model and third-party access of personal health records.	IPM	Model Optimization
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We explore a new problem of Speakers Coreference Resolution in legal texts, and provide annotated dataset for further research."	IPM	Theory Proposal
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"We investigate two different solutions to resolve coreference, and create document-level graphs to integrate contextual information. It enables us to effectively establish dependencies between entities and avoid making locally consistent but globally inconsistent decisions."	IPM	Theory Proposal
A deep neural network model for speakers coreference resolution in legal texts	"The proposed method achieves competitive performance, outperforming the baseline systems by a large margin, which can be applied in many downstream tasks such as question answering and text understanding."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"We introduce GENE, a method for generating user networks conditioned on the joint representation of users, entities, and the inclination of users towards those entities (positive, neutral or negative)."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"Extensive experiments indicate that for the task of controversy detection, GENE creates a rich representation of user networks, conditioned on polarized entities, that outperforms both lexicon-based methods as well as graph representations which do not exploit the entities and polarization contexts."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	"In an early controversy detection setting, GENE also shows superior performance compared to other methods, favoring the early forecast of polarization in a user network and the characterization of a scenario for the emergence of controversy."	IPM	performance Evaluation
GENE: Graph generation conditioned on named entities for polarity and controversy detection in social media	We release a new dataset that includes news and conversational threads from which this study was conducted.	IPM	Dataset Creation
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	"Moment matching and geometry alignment are leveraged in a unified framework to handle multi-source domain adaptation problems. The first-order MMDs measure the discrepancies between different domains, while Laplacian graphs are constructed to preserve the geometric structure"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	"Specifically, MMDs are minimized to reduce the distribution gap of the source and target domains, while the similarity and discriminability of sample relationship are preserved in the designed undirected graphs."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Both of moment matching and geometry alignment facilitate to learn a domain-invariant subspace where knowledge can be transferred across domains in the learned subspace.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	"Based on the new representations learned in the common feature subspace, we propose two strategies (ALP-u and ALP-s) for pseudo-labeling in both low-dimensional subspace and high-dimensional RKHS."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Multi-source domain adaptation with graph embedding and adaptive label prediction
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	"We carry out extensive experiments to demonstrate the effectiveness of ALP-u and ALP-s on different domain adaptation scenarios, including traditional single-source-to-single-target, multi-sources-to-single-target and multi-sources-to-multi-targets. Our work surpasses state-of-the-arts on three benchmark datasets notably."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"A novel broad-coverage, domain-independent, unsupervised phonetic encoder for Roman Hindi/Urdu word normalization is presented, which utilizes a transliteration based approach to assign the same matching code to lexical variations of a Roman Urdu word."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	This technique is referred to as the Transliteration based Encoding technique for Roman Urdu word Normalization (TERUN).	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"The impact of word standardization on Roman Urdu sentiment analysis classification accuracy is evaluated using TERUN and other established techniques. TERUN outperformed the other techniques: Soundex, Metaphone, Double-Metaphone, Caverphone, New York State Identification and Intelligence System (NYSIIS) and Kölner Phonetik (Kph), using accuracy as a performance measure."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN and other established encoding techniques are intrinsically evaluated using 20,000 lexically variant words. The results clearly show the superiority of TERUN over the other encoding techniques."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An unsupervised lexical normalization for Roman Hindi and Urdu sentiment analysis	"TERUN is also extended from a corpus dependent to a broad-coverage corpus independent Roman Urdu word normalization technique. To do this, a dataset of 50,000 of the most frequent Urdu words was collected and annotated to a standard Roman form using comprehensive annotation guidelines defined explicitly for this purpose."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"The proposition of Drink2Vec and an assessment on the most effective way to integrate distributional semantics with external enrichment contextual strategies to improve the classification of alcohol-related tweets. Drink2Vec encompasses Drink2Symbol, a method that evolved from our previous work"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"We demonstrate that drinking embeddings capture interesting nuances of alcohol consumption vocabulary, and that a stacking ensemble (Drink2Ensemble) balances the strengths of each method. Using our techniques, we outperformed existing baselines"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"These methods can be adapted to several other domains, such as the consumption of other types of drugs, gender and social harassment, gender discrimination or violence, flame or hate, among others;"	IPM	Applications
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	An evaluation of the contribution of the underlying contextual enrichment strategies to this classification problem according to a broad experimental setting.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"It encompasses distinct classifiers used in winning solutions on Kaggle competitions, five datasets addressing different alcohol consumption behaviors, and an in-depth analysis of the contributions of each contextual enrichment strategy to alcohol-related texting, and their integration."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Drink2Vec: Improving the classification of alcohol-related tweets using distributional semantics and external contextual enrichment	"Two new datasets containing tweets mentioning alcohol and its consumption, which can be used in future studies related to the classification of alcohol-related tweets."	IPM	Dataset Creation
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A prevention system to Fake News rather than only a detection system	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	A customized Proof-of-Authority protocol	IPM	Theory Proposal
An incentive-aware blockchain-based solution for internet of fake media things	An applicable scenario of Blockchain technology outside of its financial roots	IPM	Theory Proposal
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We define a new application-oriented variation of the event relatedness classification task, which merges different fine-grained event relation types reported elsewhere into one concept, and which focuses on linking automatically extracted event templates, potentially containing erroneous and incomplete information,"	IPM	Applications
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	"We explore and compare the relatedness classification performance on this new task across a range of shallow learning methods (including the current state-of-the-art methods) built on a set of linguistically lightweight features (some of which not presented elsewhere, e.g. HypernymOverlap via exploitation of BabelNet), being easily portable across languages,"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	We provide initial results of exploiting deep learning techniques for this purpose	IPM	Theory Proposal
Shallow and deep learning for event relatedness classification	We create and make available to the research community a new moderate-size event corpus annotated with event relatedness information that appears bigger than other relevant resources made available to the community.	IPM	Dataset Creation
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	a framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	use of the basic emotions to reveal the multiple dimensions of negative sentiment.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	study of the influence of user and event properties on the emotional reaction.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	analysis of eight mass shooting events to generalize the findings.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A framework to analyze the emotional reactions to mass violent events on Twitter and influential factors	"experimented with CNN, biLSTM and BERT to develop emotion classifiers, trained automatically labeled datasets."	IPM	Model Construction
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We propose an entity-aware enhanced word representation with rich context, which enables the downstream modules to learn robust semantic features."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	We combine the global gate structure and PCNN to better capture the global and local features of the sentence.	IPM	Model Optimization
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	"We introduce a gate mechanism after the max-pooling layer of PCNN model, which assigns different weights to the three segments and highlights the effect of crucial segments."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A gated piecewise CNN with entity-aware enhancement for distantly supervised relation extraction	Our model is evaluated on the widely used benchmark dataset and outperforms most of the stateof-the-art methods.	IPM	Model Optimization
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	A semantic rebasing mechanism is proposed to learn a sparse semantic graph structure to preserve similarity information of different modalities for binary code learning.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	The proposed method focuses on both similarity preserving and quantization to gain satisfied retrieval performance.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	Auto-encoding structure of both modalities is included to improve the performance.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Semantic-rebased cross-modal hashing for scalable unsupervised text-visual retrieval	Extensive experiments on four popular datasets shows the effectiveness of the proposed method.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"This paper reviews the existing microblog user geolocalisation methods, and summarizes a general framework for microblog user geolocalisation. Along with the framework, we review the studies on user geolocalisation from the aspects of data acquisition, data preprocessing, location representation, user geolocalisation methods categorization, and evaluation metrics."	IPM	Theory Proposal
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Based on the input of the geolocalisation algorithm, we categorize microblog user geolocalisation methods into three categories: text-based methods, network-based methods, and multi-view based methods. We summarize the advantages and limitations of each type of method theoretically."	IPM	Theory Proposal
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	We conduct a performance comparison of existing methods based on the results reported in existing literature with the most widely used real-world datasets and evaluation metrics.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	The advantages and disadvantages of existing methods are further uncovered by comparing them experimentally. Important research challenges that may need further attention are discussed according to our analysis.	IPM	Theory Proposal
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	Survey findings conclude that multiview-based methods are superior to the text-based methods as well as the network-based methods.	IPM	Theory Proposal
An overview of microblog user geolocation methods	"Besides that, existing user geolocalisation methods cannot capture the user's home location change, resulting in the misjudged results. A"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A review on the methodological and psychometric quality of both the instruments for consumer health information needs and those for patient needs that contained health information needs sections was conducted;	IPM	Theory Proposal
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	A two-phase literature search strategy was applied to retrieve relevant validation studies;	IPM	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	"Overall, both groups of questionnaire instruments were not well developed: only structural validity, internal consistency tests and content validity analysis were performed in about 50 percent of them, while other types of validations were missing in most of them;"	IPM	performance Evaluation
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Instruments used for assessing patient needs were found to have better tests of construct validity and handling of floor and ceiling effects;	IPM	performance Evaluation
Consumer health information needs: A systematic review of instrument development	Theories and frameworks of information needs can be integrated within the development process to improve the design.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Gender Stereotype Reinforcement (GSR) measure tailored for Search Engines.	IPM	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Evaluation of GSR within the construct validity framework.	IPM	performance Evaluation
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	"Audit, in terms of GSR, of several widely-known and used ranking algorithm."	IPM	performance Evaluation
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Estimation of the impact of different Word Embedding debiasing approaches both on ranking effectiveness and countering gender bias.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Gender stereotype reinforcement: Measuring the gender bias conveyed by ranking algorithms
 
 Author links open overlay panel"	Quantitative and qualitative analysis showing suitability of shared IR test collection to analyze gender stereotype reinforcement.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	Ramp-one OC-SVM as a non-convex semi-supervised technique.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The lack of labeled data for the deceptive opinions is addressed by R-OCSVM.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The effect of noises and outliers in the training set is diminished by ramp loss function.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A non-convex semi-supervised approach to opinion spam detection by ramp-one class SVM	The challenges and the future direction in opinion spam detection is discussed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	The proposed scheme provides more secure and reliable public auditing services for cloud storage.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"In the scheme, only two entities (Cloud Service Provider and Data Owners) are involved, and blockchain technique instead of a Third Party Auditor is utilized to provide a better auditing service."	IPM	algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"A security analysis is provided, and the network performance simulation is conducted on our scheme and others."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"Our scheme outperforms others in terms of security and overheads on computation, communication and storage."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we define an action command ontology for the humanoid robot NAO containing all the physical movements that NAO can perform, all its body parts and all related words and synonyms;"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we develop an NLP engine to extract from natural language sentences actions to be mapped in the defined ontology and that the robot will perform;	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we define the concept of incompatibility among the actions of the robot and give the definition of the robot state;	IPM	Theory Proposal
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we introduce two modes for NAO to operate, STATELESS and STATEFUL. When in STATEFUL mode, NAO performs a recognized action if and only if this is compatible with NAO’s current state;"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we provide new directions for the interaction between the user and a humanoid robot: the user will have to learn the incompatibilities of the robot postures when in STATEFUL mode if he/she wants the robot to perform any action command and the robot has available all the natural language commands given by the user for future forecasting of missing terms;	IPM	Theory Proposal
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we run the NLP engine on cloud computing resources and a software layer on the NAO robot which is responsible to interact with the user and communicate with the NLP engine;	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	"we made publicly available the developed ontology, the NLP engine, and the developed software for the community;"	IPM	Resources
Knowledge acquisition from parsing natural language expressions for humanoid robot action commands	we carried out a performance evaluation on five subjects in order to test our approach and identifying potential weakness of the system that we can improve as future development.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	A morpho-semantic knowledge graph CAMS-KG is built from vocalized Classical Arabic corpus.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG combines tools for morphological analysis and disambiguation, and implements a concordance builder tool, and KG representation."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	KG stores the extracted morpho-semantic knowledge: representing morphological categories and both morphological and semantic relations.	IPM	Applications
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	BM25 ranking is used for retrieving related documents for a given query.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Building a morpho-semantic knowledge graph for Arabic information retrieval	"CAMS-KG is evaluated on two datasets (Tashkeela, and ZAD). Several query expansion strategies are experimented on 25 queries from ZAD dataset."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Analysis and extraction of six syntactic and semantic features from tweets.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Content-based characterization of online social communities	Identification of topics and proper nouns as characteristic features of a community.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Content-based characterization of online social communities	The research provides insights on how people from specific communities share similar content.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	First ever attempt to apply complex network theory for precise novel sense detection.	IPM	Applications
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Complex network measures boosts the precision values from 0.23-0.32 to 0.74-0.86.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Network measures: A new paradigm towards reliable novel word sense detection	Gold standard dataset prepared by us for this task are made publicly available.	IPM	Dataset Creation
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that exploits the semantics of the corpus by adapting global word embeddings to the context of analysis.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Evaluation framework based on quantitative and qualitative analyses.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We tackle the challenge of query suggestion in a novel way by proposing an Attention-based Hierarchical Neural Query Suggestion model, i.e., AHNQS, which adopts a hierarchical structure containing a user attention mechanism to better capture the user’s search intent."	IPM	Model Optimization
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We analyse the impact of session length on query suggestion performance and find that AHNQS consistently yields the best performance, especially with short search contexts."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Hierarchical neural query suggestion with an attention mechanism	"We examine the performance of AHNQS with different numbers of users’ sessions. We find that AHNQS always yields better performance over the best baseline model, especially for users with few search sessions."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	"We proposed a model that exploits Blockchain miner nodes for generating optimal scheduling solutions, namely PF-BTS."	IPM	Model Construction
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	We deployed the Ant Colony Optimization algorithm in a Fog-Blockchain architecture.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
PF-BTS: A Privacy-Aware Fog-enhanced Blockchain-assisted task scheduling	PF-BTS was experimentally proven to provide more optimal solutions than previously proposed Blockchain-based task scheduling models.	IPM	Model Optimization
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	Extensive survey carried out regarding the use of blockchain within information systems.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	We conducted the first blockchain-based information system analysis.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A Survey on Blockchain for Information Systems Management and Security	We addressed all issues in the information systems management area.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"Based on the push-pull-mooring framework, we identified and classified factors that influenced askers’ to switch from free to paid Q&A services, using the critical incident technique."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Exploring askers’ switching from free to paid social Q&A services: A perspective on the push-pull-mooring framework	"We calculated the entropy weights of the 16 subcategories before and after the switch, using the entropy weight method."	IPM	Applications
Context-Controlled Topic-Aware Neural Response Generation for Open-Domain Dialog Systems	"Inspired by human conversation patterns, we design a context-controlled topic transiting strategy. It not only can produce relevant transition words to enhance response quality, but also can work as an auxiliary learning task which in turn helps the learning process of response generation converge fast."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Context-Controlled Topic-Aware Neural Response Generation for Open-Domain Dialog Systems	We examine the performance of our CCTA model with extensive experiments on two benchmark conversation datasets. Experimental results validate the superiority of our proposal on response generation task against the state-of-the-art baselines.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	We introduce a novel deep learning approach to identify innovative ideas of products from online customer reviews.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Mining product innovation ideas from online reviews	Results show that our model outperforms the baselines.	IPM	Model Optimization
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"We built a health misinformation detection model integrating the linguistic features, the topic features, the sentiment features, and the behavioral features."	IPM	Model Construction
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	"The proposed model, as well as the features, were validated on a real-world dataset, being able to correctly detect about 85% of health misinformation."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
What motivates Chinese consumers to avoid information about the COVID-19 pandemic?: The perspective of the stimulus-organism-response model	A research model based on S-O-R framework is proposed to examine the factors that influence health information avoidance intention during the COVID-19 pandemic.	IPM	Model Construction
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	We systematically investigate the impact of the state-of-the-art post-retrieval query performance prediction methods in the context of ad hoc table retrieval	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	"We show how neural features derived from neural embedding techniques can be integrated into existing query performance predictors, leading to neural predictors"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Semantics-enabled query performance prediction for ad hoc table retrieval	We evaluate our proposed neural predictors on a gold standard test collection derived from Wikipedia tables. We further analyze our findings from various perspectives and identify areas where neural predictors are able to provide effective performance improvements.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	"As far as we know, it is the first work to propose the phrase information network and employ it to fuse information networks. Following this inspiration, we propose the phrase network generation algorithm (PNG) and construct PFHIN, which seamlessly fuses text semantics with complex entities in CQA."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	We define the distance of entities with the same or different types in HIN and propose the optimal entity matching algorithm. The real question-answer matching case in CQA is described in detail.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A novel community answer matching approach based on phrase fusion heterogeneous information network	"We perform an in-depth meta-path analysis of the optimal matching answers. It is found that most meta-paths include the Phrase entity, which proves that phrases serve as a bridge that effectively connects different types of entities in CQA."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	A high-performance pneumonia detection system was proposed in this paper.	IPM	Model Construction
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	A novel graph-based feature reconstruction method was proposed.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
CGNet: A graph-knowledge embedded convolutional neural network for detection of pneumonia	The proposed feature reconstruction is efficient yet transplantable to other scenarios.	IPM	Applications
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Propose MEPSR, which employs embedding methods, including deep learning based embedding and word embedding, to obtain effective representations from multi-context information."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Jointly model personalized place semantics and App usage sequences by sharing the App representations, which can introduce an inductive bias to improve generalization capability."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	Conduct extensive experiments on the Mobile Data Challenge (MDC) dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of MEPSR. Experimental results show that our method outperforms existing methods significantly.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	"Adapted pre-trained model (i.e. BERT, ELMo, and Word2vec) learned from Japanese data to our emoticon recommendation system."	IPM	Applications
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	Empirically compared our proposed systems with baseline methods that learned surface patterns of texts and emoticons.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Find right countenance for your input—Improving automatic emoticon recommendation system with distributed representations	Compared pre-trained models learned from different text domains to observe the difference in recommendation results.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Polarity determination using proposed domain specific lexicon delivers better performance than other lexicon based methods	IPM	Model Optimization
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	A robust set of experiments have been performed in this study by comparing this method with similar methods that use review labels for training lexicons across several datasets.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Hybrid method using ML also illustrates the superiority of this method for building domain specific lexicons	IPM	Performance Evaluation
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	Experiments on popular datasets like Cornell movie reviews dataset and Large movie reviews dataset have also been performed to benchmark against other studies and demonstrate the superior performance of this method.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	"Examining the impact of social media overload on adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies, and subsequent discontinuous usage intention"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Stress dynamics and coping theory is applied to explain the hypotheses.	IPM	Applications
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	"A framework is proposed uniting theories from musicology, psychology and sociology."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Results reveal how students use music for learning and well-being.	IPM	Theory Proposal
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Findings yield implications for the design of online music services and systems.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"We propose a method to combine distributed phrase vectors and component word vectors into new phrase vectors by using an automatic encoder. Since this method effectively combines the external context information and internal context information of a phrase, the phrase embedding generated by this method is better than that generated by the distributional and compositional methods."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"We use two neural network-based autoencoders to implement the above method. The non-linear transformation of the neural network can achieve complex mapping from input embeddings to new phrase embeddings. Therefore, our method is superior to the previous hybrid method based on linear transformation."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"When using only component word embeddings as input, the proposed AE-ALF model consisting of LSTM, FCNN, and AM can effectively learn the order information and semantic information of the component words. Therefore, the semantic representation ability is better than the previous compositional models, and it can also effectively solve the problem of data sparseness."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	A dynamic citation perspective for distinguishing scientific breakthroughs from ordinary scientific works is proposed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How wide is the citation impact of scientific publications? A cross-discipline and large-scale analysis	This paper uses the whole Web of Science as the empirical study dataset and thus examines all disciplines instead of only a few.	IPM	Theory Proposal
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"We present B-FERL; a decentralized security framework for in-vehicle networks. B-FERL ascertains the integrity of in-vehicle ECUs and highlights the existence of threats in a smart vehicle. To achieve this, we define a two-tier blockchain-based architecture, which introduces an initialization operation used to create record vehicles for authentication purposes and a challenge–response mechanism where the integrity of a vehicle’s internal network is queried when it connects to an RSU to ensure its security."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"We conduct a qualitative evaluation of B-FERL to evaluate its resilience to identified attacks. We also conduct a comparative evaluation with existing approaches and highlight the practical benefits of B-FERL. Finally, we characterize the performance of B-FERL via simulations using the CORE simulator against key performance measures such as the time and storage overheads for smart vehicles and RSUs"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
B-FERL: Blockchain based framework for securing smart vehicles	"Our proposal is tailored to meet the integrity requirement for securing smart vehicles and the availability requirement for securing vehicular networks and we provide succinct discussion on the applicability of our proposal to achieve various critical automotive functions such as vehicular forensics, secure vehicular communication and trust management"	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Deep context modeling for multi-turn response selection in dialogue systems	We introduce the next utterance prediction pre-training scheme for multi-turn response selection. This NUP based pre-training could empower DCM to exploit context continuity underlying the multi-turn dialogue for better contextual information extraction.	IPM	Model Optimization
Deep context modeling for multi-turn response selection in dialogue systems	"Empirical results on three public datasets show that our proposed model outperforms baseline models significantly, achieving new state-of-the-art performance for multi-turn response selection"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
EtherTwin: Blockchain-based Secure Digital Twin Information Management	"EtherTwin, a blockchain-based Decentralized Application (DApp) for secure information management of Industry 4.0 assets using Digital Twins."	IPM	Model Construction
EtherTwin: Blockchain-based Secure Digital Twin Information Management	Quantitative and qualitative evaluation including performance/cost measurements as well as a real-world industry use case and expert interviews.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	We create four open-source datasets for identifying the gender of named entities.	IPM	Dataset Creation
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Propose a novel transformer-based architecture for gender tagging of named entities.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Present multiple supervised and unsupervised learning baselines for gender inference.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Context-sensitive gender inference of named entities in text	Context-sensitive supervised learning outperforms database-reliant gender tagging.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We present a novel multimodal fake news detection model based on CARN and MCN.	IPM	Model Construction
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	"To mitigate the influence of noise information which may be generated by crossmodal fusion, the MCN is introduced to extract feature representations from original and fused textual information simultaneously."	IPM	Model Construction
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We conduct extensive experiments on four real-world datasets and demonstrate that the proposed model outperforms state-of-the-art methods and learn more discriminable feature representations.	IPM	Model Optimization
A multimodal fake news detection model based on crossmodal attention residual and multichannel convolutional neural networks	We contribute a large scale multimodal fake news dataset from Weibo platform and will make it available to the public	IPM	Dataset Creation
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We study the impact on review helpfulness of author/item content deviations.	IPM	Theory Proposal
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We compare helpfulness prediction models based on linear and non-linear regression.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	An experimental validation shows that our models outperform the selected baselines.	IPM	Model Optimization
User and item-aware estimation of review helpfulness	We improve collaborative item recommendation using predicted review helpfulness.	IPM	Model Construction
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	"We present an analytical model to calculate the average transaction latency in Fabric blockchains with single and multiple channels. Besides, we give a quantitative latency analysis of two typical consensus mechanisms in Fabric blockchain, i.e Solo and PBFT consensus."	IPM	Model Construction
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	"We conduct a series of experiments to evaluate the validity of the proposed analytical model, and the results show that our model predicts the experimental results with an error less than 6.1%."	IPM	Model Construction
Latency performance modeling and analysis for hyperledger fabric blockchain network	We identify performance bottlenecks based on the analytical model and provide feasible insights for Fabric blockchain deployment.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We propose a multi-level similarity method, which can jointly model the semantic-level, structural-level and contextual-level information and improve the robustness of visual and textual representations."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We extract the semantic labels in the text dataset and treat them as multiple labels of the corresponding image. Then, the semantic information is modeled by utilizing multi-label convolutional neural network. Moreover, we conduct graph structure to model the relationship of objects and words within image-text pair and improve the retrieval performance by re-ranking mechanism"	IPM	Model Optimization
Multi-level similarity learning for image-text retrieval	"We evaluate our method on two large-scale datasets, Flickr30k and MSCOCO. The extensive experimental results demonstrate the superiority of our method comparing to the state-of-the-art methods for image-text retrieval task."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Word embedding model has been applied in constructing vocabulary dictionary.	IPM	Applications
Co-LSTM: Convolutional LSTM model for sentiment analysis in social big data	Co-LSTM is compared with other machine learning and deep learning models.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We analyze the Thai QA dataset and discuss how it is different from SQuAD, an English QA dataset. Then, we propose WabiQA, a novel Thai QA system that implements a BM25F-based document retriever and a bi-directional LSTM document reader. Our document reader is adapted from DrQA (Chen et al., 2017), a recent end-to-end QA system for the English language."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We compare different document retrieval methods, including Google Search API, TF-IDF, and BM25F, and also study the impacts of using different features in the proposed bi-directional LSTM reader."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	"We provide analyses of the effects of document scopes, number of relevant documents, and sizes of training data on the end-to-end performance of WabiQA. As an external evaluation, WabiQA won the first prize award from Thailand’s National Software Contest 20192. Our system outperforms the next best competitors’ systems by 19.99 percentage points in terms of document retrieval accuracy, and 33.10 percentage points in terms of answer prediction F1."	IPM	Theory Proposal
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	We demonstrate an application of WabiQA by developing a prototype mobile application that aims to facilitate Thai users with visual impairment using voice-to-speech technology and an intelligent question-answer categorization	IPM	Applications
WabiQA: A Wikipedia-Based Thai Question-Answering System	We make the source code and partial data (created by ourselves) available for research purposes at: https://github.com/suppawong/wabiqa.	IPM	Resources
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	This research puts forward a novel algorithm called nSAIS for inducing suffix array using external memory.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Succinct suffix sorting in external memory	A program of the algorithm nSAIS is engineered for performance evaluation.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	This paper is the first to constrain the learning procedure in matrix factorization by using imputed data.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	This paper is the first to discuss the relation between imputed data and recommendation quality.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"We propose an assumption that is based on preference analysis in matrix factorization model. This assumption lets the learning preferences be correctly constrained, thus leading to a more accurate learned model."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"We design two learning models according to the assumption. One firstly makes the original preferences get close to preliminary preferences, and then creates the concatenated preferences. The other one firstly creates the concatenated preferences, and then makes the original, preliminary and concatenated preferences get close to each other."	IPM	Model Construction
Preliminary data-based matrix factorization approach for recommendation	"Exhaustive experiments are conducted on five datasets: MovieLens 100k, MovieLens 1M, Netflix, Filmtrust and Jester. Experiment results show that PDMF outperforms the state-of-the-art methods by more than 10% in recommendation accuracy."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Applying decomposition optimization method to maximize the individual centrality measure and the network modularity value in the network level in complex social networks.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Applying Newman-Girvan modularity method and depth-first search and linear graph algorithm to validate our results.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	Evaluating model performance- apply to different social and real-world networks.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Combining advanced computational social science and graph theoretic techniques to reveal adversarial information operations	"Applying different centrality methods (degree, betweenness, closeness, eigenvector) and compare their results."	IPM	Applications
Accurate and decentralized timestamping using smart contracts on the Ethereum blockchain	The accuracy of certain timestamps like the backdate timestamps generated on the Ethereum blockchain and to resolve the problem a decentalised timestamping is used.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We present an efficient strategy for augmenting existing paraphrase and non-paraphrase annotations in a consistent manner.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We develop a multi-cascaded learning model for robust paraphrase detection in both clean and noisy texts.	IPM	Model Construction
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We address both clean and noisy texts in our presentation and show that the proposed model matches current best performances on benchmark datasets of both types.	IPM	Model Construction
A multi-cascaded model with data augmentation for enhanced paraphrase detection in short texts	We analyze the impact of various data augmentation steps and different components of the multi-cascaded model on paraphrase detection performance.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We address the problem of generating SRs from spatial data streams and static data in real-time.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We design a novel index structure based on R-tree with RRs called R3 index to store spatial objects and support SR generation.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Efficient generation of spatiotemporal relationships from spatial data streams and static data	We evaluate the performance of the proposed approach using real-world datasets and report on the efficiency and effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Heuristic operators are proposed for interesting class association rule mining.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Our proposal remains focused and avoids the exponential curse of other alternatives.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Heuristics for interesting class association rule mining a colorectal cancer database	Generated rule sets are more attractive for the subsequent expert inspection.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	Clinical decision support system was developed for infection diagnosis in nursing homes using small data; AUROC of 0.734 achieved.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"When considering additional data (social data and weather information), AUROC increases up to 0.798."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Infection prediction using physiological and social data in social environments	"For diagnosis, smaller leads (historical data) is preferred, but larger leads improve the results when adding social data."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	"We propose a novel pipeline for the task of text classification, i.e., Pre-train Interact Fine-tune (PIF)."	IPM	Model Construction
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	"To the best of our knowledge, ours is the first attempt to model word interactions for text representation."	IPM	Model Construction
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We introduce a two-perspective interaction representation for text classification.	IPM	Theory Proposal
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We propose the Hybrid Language Model Pretrain-finetuning.	IPM	Model Construction
"Pre-train, Interact, Fine-tune: a novel interaction representation for text classification"	We find that our proposal outperforms the state-of-the-art methods for text classification in terms of accuracy.	IPM	Model Optimization
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	Proposed approach uses human cochlear model and Convolutional neural network to extract relevant music features.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Cochleogram-based approach for detecting perceived emotions in music	The experimental results prove the effectiveness of our proposal in all aspects of music emotion recognition.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	We introduce the progress in fashion research in recent years.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	"We provide a taxonomy of these fashion studies which include low-level fashion recognition, middle-level fashion understanding and high-level fashion applications."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Fashion analysis and understanding with artificial intelligence	We discuss the challenges that when the fashion industry faces AI technologies.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	We proposed a new index named Supply-Demand Matching Efficiency (SDME) to measure the supply and demand matching efficiency for online technology trading platforms (OTTPs).	IPM	Model Construction
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"Technically, it is based on semantic similarity of technology supply and demand texts with Word2Vec and Cosine similarity algorithms, which fully excavated semantic features of technology supply and demand texts, thus providing ideas for tacit knowledge mining and knowledge matching of technology supply and demand texts."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	it provided ideas for estimating the trade possibility of technology supply and demand on OTTPs before technology trade occurs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"We measured the SDME of the three representative OTTPs. The three OTTPs are sorted by the SDME from high to low: Zhejiang Market (Government-Owned, Government-Operated, GOGO), Technology E Market (Government-Owned, Contractor-Operated, GOCO) and Keyi Market (Market-Owned, Market-Operated, MOMO), indicating that government plays an important role in promoting the SDME by attracting effective technology suppliers and demanders to participate in online trade and standardizing information expression."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"By comparing the SDME and the newly announced signing rate of each OTTP, we found that the OTTP with high SDME also has high signing rate, and the changing trend of the two is consistent."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"We analyzed the topic distribution of technology supply and demand of OTTPs with TextRank and Latent Dirichlet Allocation (LDA), and calculated the topic differences of each OTTP."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semantic Matching Efficiency of Supply and Demand Texts on Online Technology Trading Platforms: Taking the Electronic Information of Three Platforms as an Example	"The Technology E Market and Zhejiang Market have low topic differences and high SDME, while Keyi Market has high topic differences and low SDME, which indicated that the topic differences have a negative effect on SDME."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The transformative computing in advanced data analysis was proposed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The advanced data analysis processes in different structures were described.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Transformative computing in advanced data analysis processes in the cloud	The possible application of transformative computing was presented.	IPM	Applications
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We develop a new method MGAT, which incorporates attention mechanism into the graph neural network framework, to disentangle user preferences on different modalities."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"Technically, the model introduces the gated attention mechanism to control and weight the information flow in multimodal interaction graphs, which facilitates the understanding of user behaviors."	IPM	Model Construction
MGAT: Multimodal Graph Attention Network for Recommendation	"We perform extensive experiments on two datasets to verify the rationality and effectiveness of MGAT. Moreover, because of user privacy, only user IDs are considered in this work. We will release the code and parameter settings upon acceptance."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Enrich cross-lingual entity links for online wikis via multi-modal semantic matching	"This paper investigated the task of enriching cross-lingual links for online wikis, which is a significant step and a pretty good starting point for cross-lingual knowledge graph construction."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Enrich cross-lingual entity links for online wikis via multi-modal semantic matching	"we propose two end-to-end neural matching models for matching entity descriptions and images, and then jointly train them with handcraft features. To the best of our knowledge, it is the first to utilize multi-modal information to enrich cross-lingual entity links."	IPM	Model Construction
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	An unsupervised domain adaption method for 3D object retrieval by jointly learning the deep 3D representation and domain alignment in the end-to-end manner is proposed.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	The proposed method can reduce statistical domain divergence and improve the feature representation from different domains.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	"The proposed method focuses on the cross-domain retrieval task, which can effectively use the exist 3D object dataset to explore the generation ability of methods for another dataset."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Joint deep feature learning and unsupervised visual domain adaptation for cross-domain 3D object retrieval	The experimental results on CAD Object to CAD Object and RGB-D Object to CAD Object retrieval show the superiority of the proposed method.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Effective contact recommendation in social networks by adaptation of information retrieval models	We test the researched approaches extensively in five network samples of different kind from Twitter and Facebook.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	We design corresponding citation merging schemes for arXiv-deposited articles.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Merging the citations received by arXiv-deposited e-prints and their corresponding published journal articles: Problems and perspectives	We use empirical testing to prove the feasibility of schemes proposed in this paper.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	A novel variant of information entropy named permutation ratio entropy (PRE) was employed to identify three typical ECG RR interval series.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	The PRE can more correctly yield higher entropy values for the normal sinus rhythm (NSR) RR interval series than that for the congestive heart failure (CHF) and arrhythmia (ARR) RR interval series.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	"The PRE can more correctly identify three RR interval series (i.e., NSR, CHF and ARR) than SmpE and PE"	IPM	Model Optimization
"Parameters Analysis of Sample Entropy, Permutation Entropy and Permutation Ratio Entropy for RR Interval Time Series"	"Determining proper parameters of three entropy methods (i.e., SmpE, PE and PRE) for discerning NSR, CHF and ARR RR interval series."	IPM	Model Optimization
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	People's movie purchase intention can be extracted from YouTube trailer reviews.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	Purchase intention is highly correlated with box-office revenue and can be used to improve the prediction accuracy of box-office revenue prediction.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Movie Revenue Prediction Based on Purchase Intention Mining Using YouTube Trailer Reviews	"Multiple linear regression perfomed better than support vector machines, neural network, and random forest in movie revenue prediction."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Semantic indexing with MeSH descriptors may aggregate several distinct concepts.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Concept-occurrence is a good heuristic for fine-grained semantic indexing.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Models trained with concept-occurrence as weak supervision can achieve good accuracy.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Beyond MeSH: Fine-grained semantic indexing of biomedical literature based on weak supervision	Lexical and semantic features combined can lead to improved predictive performance.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Introduce the concept of immersion from the game community to the SQA community for the first time.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Built an evaluation system of user participation level in SQA community from the immersion perspective.	IPM	Model Construction
Who contributes what? Scrutinizing the activity data of 4.2 million Zhihu users via immersion scores	Comprehensively evaluated the contribution level and functional complementary relationship of users with different roles in the knowledge question-and-answer community.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	We perform a study on the tagging behavior of sellers in an e-commerce platform.	IPM	Theory Proposal
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	We design new tag quality attributes that exploit the collective behavior of users.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
“Fixing the curse of the bad product descriptions” – Search-boosted tag recommendation for E-commerce products	"Our best method, a deep L2R framework, greatly outperforms state-of-the-art methods."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We present an Open Data approach to process and enrich citizen-generated content.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We propose a novel controversy metric for conversation threads.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We present an in-depth analysis of citizen discussion in an e-participatory platform.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Exploiting Open Data to analyze discussion and controversy in online citizen participation	We provide a large dataset of semantically annotated citizen proposals and debates.	IPM	Dataset Creation
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Automatic crisis management, using natural language processing techniques, is a quite hot research topic."	IPM	Model Optimization
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Characterization of crisis-related messages according to three dimensionsrelatedness, intentions to act and urgency."	IPM	Model Optimization
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	The first French manually annotated crisis dataset.	IPM	Dataset Creation
A three-level classification of French tweets in ecological crises	"Experiments with binary classification (useful vs. non useful), three classes (non useful vs. urgent vs. non urgent) and multiclass classifications (i.e., intention to act categories) using traditional feature-based machine learning and new deep learning architectures by developing a domain shift approach over pre-trained word embeddings and incorporating different metadata information in a multi-input architecture."	IPM	Model Optimization
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	"A scheme cross trajectories, vessel attributes and the movement context for detecting rare behaviors through preprocessing, kNN-based clustering, and verification."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Fast and parameter-light rare behavior detection in maritime trajectories	The small reachability distance values have limited effect on lrd.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Detecting health misinformation in online health communities: Incorporating behavioral features into machine learning based approaches	In their study they classified online health disinformation in to two levels : central levels and peripheral level based on the elaboration likelihood model	IPM	Model Optimization
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	For best auditing scheme they used block chain technique which is a secured and coherent for cloud storage platform instead of third party auditor	IPM	Model Optimization
Blockchain-based public auditing for big data in cloud storage	"Our scheme uses automatically chosen DOs from the blockchain network to conduct the auditing, significantly reduces the 51% risk of the auditor being breached"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Extractive Text Summarization Models for Urdu Language	The famous approaches like global weight and local weight are used in experiment by contributing equal amount to ground truth data and made script files available to public and researchers	IPM	Resources
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that exploits the semantics of the corpus by adapting global word embeddings to the context of analysis.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Self-attentive discriminator to map the semantics of the generated text with real-world text.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	Evaluation framework based on quantitative and qualitative analyses.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Adversarial text generation with context adapted global knowledge and a self-attentive discriminator	A word sequence-based adversarial network that balances both generator and discriminator towards reaching the Nash equilibrium.	IPM	Theory Proposal
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	Development of an analysis of how Wikipedia disease-related articles in English evolve over time.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
How Wikipedia disease information evolve over time? An analysis of disease-based articles changes	"Historical information is extracted from the articles and how their content (references, characters, diagnostic-related terms) change over time is analysed."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We propose an original set of roles with their justification in sociological models allowing us to differentiate users considering their especially important characteristic dimensions	IPM	Model Construction
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We conduct experiments to allow us to define patterns describing stability and variability of given roles – chances of obtaining the given role or chances of keeping or obtaining an influential role	IPM	Model Construction
Achieving and maintaining important roles in social media	We find temporal patterns of frequent transitions between roles of users on the social portal	IPM	Model Construction
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose Rule Assembler, a configurable approach that is able to classify duplicate entities based on confidence scores, taking into account tunable parameters as well as user preferences;"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	"We propose four heuristics for turning the results produced by logical rules into confidence scores (i.e., a continuous quantification associated with the confidence produced by the rule regarding the duplicity of the entity pairs);"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose a novel auto-tuning algorithm for classifying duplicate entities based on confidence scores;	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Configurable assembly of classification rules for enhancing entity resolution results	We propose an efficient algorithm for tuning the parameters of the Rule Assembler (considering scenarios in which training data is available);	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Time and sequence awareness in similarity metrics for recommendation	"A new approach that redefines the classical generation of item rankings by considering the order (sequentiality) in neighbor-based recommender systems, borrowing ideas from Aggregated Search"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Time and sequence awareness in similarity metrics for recommendation	A thorough comparison between our approach and other classical algorithms used in the recommendation area analyzing different perspectives of evaluation (relevance and freshness) under time-aware evaluation methodologies on three real-world datasets.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	"Using a measure of ICT incivility aggression, we measured the enactment of incivility behaviors through ICT."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	We provide a framework for studying the impact of ICT incivility aggression on both the work and family domains through affective states.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	Our model improves theoretical and empirical understanding of how ICT incivility operates.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Information and communication technology incivility aggression in the workplace: Implications for work and family	Our results may support organizations seeking to formulate policies and practices that discourage ICT incivility aggression.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Propose MEPSR, which employs embedding methods, including deep learning based embedding and word embedding, to obtain effective representations from multi-context information."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	"Jointly model personalized place semantics and App usage sequences by sharing the App representations, which can introduce an inductive bias to improve generalization capability."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-context embedding based personalized place semantics recognition	Conduct extensive experiments on the Mobile Data Challenge (MDC) dataset to evaluate the effectiveness of MEPSR.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Team diversity should be considered when building online physician teams.	IPM	Theory Proposal
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Reputation diversity and experience diversity help increase team performance.	IPM	Theory Proposal
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians weaken the influence of reputation diversity on team performance.	IPM	Theory Proposal
The impact of team diversity on physician teams’ performance in online health communities	Star physicians strengthen the influence of experience diversity on team performance.	IPM	Theory Proposal
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	enhancing the lexicon creation techniques using reviews with valency labels further by making use of probability distribution of key words across all star rating points of labelled reviews to build domain specific lexicons;	IPM	Model Optimization
SentiDraw: Using star ratings of reviews to develop domain specific sentiment lexicon for polarity determination	comparing the performance against other lexical methods using star ratings across nine datasets	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	"Examining the impact of social media overload on adaptive and maladaptive coping strategies, and subsequent discontinuous usage intention"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Fatigue and flow experience play important moderating roles..	IPM	Theory Proposal
Juxtaposed Effect of Social Media Overload on Discontinuous Usage Intention: The Perspective of Stress Coping Strategies	Stress dynamics and coping theory is applied to explain the hypotheses.	IPM	Theory Proposal
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	"A framework is proposed uniting theories from musicology, psychology and sociology."	IPM	Theory Proposal
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	In-depth interviews with students in twenty universities verified the framework.	IPM	Theory Proposal
University students’ use of music for learning and well-being: A qualitative study and design implications	Results reveal how students use music for learning and well-being.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	We propose an autoencoder-based method to generate phrase embedding.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	"The method uses full connected network, LSTM and attention to get phrase embedding."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	The method can learn the order and semantic information of component words.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Phrase embedding learning from internal and external information based on autoencoder	The proposed method performs best on phrase similarity and classification tasks.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Identifying citation patterns of scientific breakthroughs: A perspective of dynamic citation process	Breakthrough works show slower but enduring take-off and denser networks of following works.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
HEMOS: A novel deep learning-based fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media	"We proposed HEMOS, a fine-grained humor detecting method for sentiment analysis of social media."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HCA: Hierarchical Compare Aggregate model for question retrieval in community question answering	We propose a Hierarchical Compare Aggregate (HCA) model for question retrieval in CQA	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HCA: Hierarchical Compare Aggregate model for question retrieval in community question answering	The HCA-model achieves the best results in the both public-domain SemEval datasets and the domain-specific AskUbuntu dataset	IPM	Performance Evaluation
MMED: A multi-domain and Multi-modality event dataset	"We contribute a multi-domain and multi-modality event dataset, consisting of news articles contributed by journalists on different news media sites and images shared by amateur users on social media providing official and folk perspectives of events"	IPM	Dataset Creation
MMED: A multi-domain and Multi-modality event dataset	"We investigate a number of approaches focusing on cross-modal retrieval and cross-domain event discovery on the MMED dataset and conduct a series of quantitative and qualitative analyses, which can be used as a benchmark for comparisons."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper showcases the usage of author sequence in publication bylines in mapping knowledge domains and in co-citation analysis.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper combines both quantitative and qualitative methods in evaluating knowledge domain maps.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper offers a new framework of evaluating knowledge domain maps.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Considering author sequence in all-author co-citation analysis	This paper summarizes previous studies regarding author co-citation analysis in a good manner.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	We propose an event network structure for extracting temporal and causal relations.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	"By adopting open information extraction, we identify relation across multiple sentences."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	Our approach is able to identify temporal and causal relations in an unsupervised manner.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Extracting temporal and causal relations based on event networks	Our work is able to identify both directly and indirectly observable relations.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	A novel discriminative dual-stream deep hashing method is proposed to integrate the pairwise similarity loss and the classification loss into a unified framework to take full advantage of label information.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	The proposed method enlarges the margin between the different classes so that can generate discrimination of learned binary codes for better image retrieval performance.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Discriminative dual-stream deep hashing for large-scale image retrieval	Extensive experiments show that the proposed method consistently outperforms current state-of- the-art methods on three benchmark datasets for image retrieval task.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	A sequential search pattern analysis and clustering approach is proposed to analyze consumers’ search behavior throughout the entire shopping process from the perspective of need-states.	IPM	Model Construction
Sequential analysis and clustering to investigate users’ online shopping behaviors based on need-states	We adopt maximal repeat patterns and lag sequential analysis to analyze the sequence of search paths and significant search patterns.	IPM	Model Construction
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	We study how does a reviewer's emotional expression implied in online reviews influence the reader's perceived usefulness.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Reveal that fear-embedded reviews are perceived to be more reviewer`s cognitive effort than angry-embedded reviews.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Reveal that pride-embedded reviews are perceived to more reviewer`s cognitive effort than surprise-embedded reviews.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Examining the Influence of Emotional Expressions in Online Consumer Reviews on Perceived Helpfulness	Show the impacts of different emotional expressions on perceived of reviewer`s cognitive effort is moderated by the gender of readers.	IPM	Theory Proposal
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	The Markov Random Fields formalism allows a hybrid social spam detection model that exploits both users features and their content-based similarity.	IPM	Model Construction
SimilCatch: Enhanced social spammers detection on Twitter using Markov Random Fields	Biased and inaccurate prior predictions on users classes can be effectively used in the context of probabilistic graphical models as demonstrated by the significant increase in recall obtained by the proposed approach.	IPM	Model Construction
A Comparative Study of Outfit Recommendation Methods with a Focus on Attention-based Fusion	Deep learning based recommender system for outfit recommendation.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	Bridging the gap between short texts and the conventional text processing methods by expanding sentences with respect to word sense disambiguation and tuning of conceptual densities in the sentences.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A semantic approach to extractive multi-document summarization: Applying sentence expansion for tuning of conceptual densities	The proposed approach is able to dynamically determine the number of clusters and their initial centroids aiming to identify the main concepts of the documents.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	"The proposed framework, which combines relevance matching and semantic matching, is more effective than using either relevance matching or semantic matching."	IPM	Model Optimization
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	Five enhanced models are generated by merging the framework with probability-based PRF models and language-model-based PRF models.	IPM	Model Optimization
A Pseudo-relevance feedback framework combining relevance matching and semantic matching for information retrieval	Our PRF framework combines relevance matching and semantic matching to improve the quality of the feedback documents.	IPM	Model Optimization
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Data exploration of hard drive activities can reveal clues about the artist's life and creative processes.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	"Data exploration of hard drive activities can uncover the life cycle of files, and identify relationships between files."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Leveraging digital forensics and data exploration to understand the creative work of a filmmaker: A case study of Stephen Dwoskin's digital archive	Analysis of hard drive metadata can help identify file formats and the software environment in which the artist worked.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	An original framework of semi-supervised learning is presented for POI recommendation	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	A network embedding method is proposed to learn the vectors of users and POIs in an embedding space with low dimensionality.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Dynamic discovery of favorite locations in spatio-temporal social networks	A dynamic factor graph model is proposed to model different factors including the correlation of users’ vectors and POIs’ vectors.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Leverage regions to capture the spatial information in mouse interaction data, which could reserve more details of the interaction processes between users and SERPs;"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Propose a data augmentation strategy MFP to generate new mouse interaction sequences, which could increase the pattern variations on mouse interaction sequences;"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Region-action LSTM for mouse interaction sequence based search satisfaction evaluation	"Propose RALSTM to learn the representations of mouse interaction sequences, which could capture the interactive relations between regions and actions without subjecting the network to higher training complexity."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	A credibility assessment model of good abandonment results in mobile search is proposed and validated in multiple dimensions.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Credibility assessment of good abandonment results in mobile search	Suggestions on enhancing the credibility of results in mobile search were proposed based on the model.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	A new theoretical framework is developed to explore microblog information credibility by incorporating message format.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Incorporating message format into user evaluation of microblog information credibility: A nonlinear perspective	"Source credibility was found to have a positive and linear effect on microblog information credibility, consistent with the role of a bivalent factor."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	This paper presents a new hybrid loss function that enables the text summarisation model to generate easy-to-read simplified summaries.	IPM	Theory Proposal
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A new evaluation measure for the combined tasks of summarisation and simplification has been proposed.	IPM	Theory Proposal
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	A novel parallel corpus of 5204 articles with their associated summarised simplified text for the combined task of text summasization and simplification has been provided for future research.	IPM	Applications
HTSS: A novel hybrid text summarisation and simplification architecture	"The proposed hybrid approach outperforms existing state-of-the-art neural text simplification and abstractive text summarisation models by 38.94% and 53.40%, respectively."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We develop an encoder-decoder convolutional neural network (ED-Net).	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We introduce a synthetic loss function to overcome the data imbalanced problem.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We propose a novel method using ED-Net for intracranial hemorrhage segmentation.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	We evaluate ED-Net on a multi-center intracranial hemorrhage clinical dataset.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Automatic segmentation of intracerebral hemorrhage in CT images using encoder–decoder convolutional neural network	Both quantitative and visual results show ED-Net outperforms other methods.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"The proposed models are computationally inexpensive, can be embedded into devices such as smartglasses."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
I see it in your eyes: Training the shallowest-possible CNN to recognise emotions and pain from muted web-assisted in-the-wild video-chats in real-time	"We compute the relevance and utilisation of facial action unit (FAU)-derived features by the model, comparing it against the human perception of emotion expression."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	We find that the relationship with same semantic but different entity directions are easily confused. The concept of discrimination is proposed and used to solve this issue.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
A Cross-Media Deep Relationship Classification Method Using Discrimination Information	"We combine the cross entropy function with the deformed max-margin function as a new loss function, which can improve the performance of the model."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Designing a learnable overall relevance measure that makes full use of structural and attributed information by integrating HeteSim and attribute projection.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Proposing a constrained negative matrix tri-factorization which utilizes pairwise constraints to cluster nodes of different types at the same time and give a closed solution.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Semi-supervised Co-Clustering on Attributed Heterogeneous Information Networks	Modeling a unified framework to simultaneously co-cluster different-type nodes and mine the latent relevance between heterogeneous clusters on realworld attributed HINs such as e-commerce platforms and bibliographic networks.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"A new benchmark dataset for studies on automatic text summarization, which contains both human-generated abstracts and extracts, was proposed."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Candidate sentence selection for extractive text summarization	"Experimental results showed that the use of ensemble feature space remarkably improved the single-use of syntactic or semantic features, and the proposed LSTM-NN also outperformed the state-of-the-art models for extractive summarization."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We design an extensible mechanism to add a new disease to an existing knowledge graph.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	We present a quantitative effort estimation algorithm to quantitatively evaluate the effort of clinicians who are involved.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
"HKGB: An Inclusive, Extensible, Intelligent, Semi-auto-constructed Knowledge Graph Framework for Healthcare with Clinicians’ Expertise Incorporated"	"We create a health knowledge graph HuadingKG by HKGB, and develop three tools to apply HuadingKG in real applications."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HealthAid: Extracting domain targeted high precision procedural knowledge from on-line communities	Used open information extraction tool and a pipeline to build the procedural knowledge base	IPM	Model Construction
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Propose a novel recommender system finds the best list of items for users using GA.	IPM	Theory Proposal
A collaborative filtering recommender system using genetic algorithm	Propose a multi-objective GA has n-fitness functions based on n-filtering criteria.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Robust Decentralised Trust Management for the Internet of Things by Using Game Theory	An empirical assessment is presented with an implementation realised with Hyperledger platform.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	A new multi-sentence video captioning algorithm is proposed.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Multi-Sentence Video Captioning using Content-oriented Beam Searching and Multi-stage Refining Algorithm	A new content-oriented beam search approach and a multi-stage refining method are used.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a new text graph representation model and proposing an algorithm to construct it from the input text.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a new method to dynamically compute weight values for the graph nodes. The method is based on the characteristics of the input document. The weights are adjusted based on the distribution of words and their frequencies in the input text.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	Proposing a graph search algorithm to search for the candidate nodes and edges in the text graph. The selected nodes and edges represent the important phrases in the input text.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
EdgeSumm: Graph-based framework for automatic text summarization	"Proposing a sentence selection algorithm that ranks candidate sentences, groups these sentences in a set of clusters using the K-means clustering algorithm, and selects the top-ranked sentences from each cluster for the final generated summary."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A Google Trends spatial clustering approach for a worldwide Twitter user geolocation	"we propose a new unsupervised clustering approach for the user location estimation, based on GT noun city distributions, city polygons, a synthetic sampling and three clustering algorithms: Gaussian Mixture Models (GMM), K-means and Density-Based Spatial Clustering of Applications with Noise (DBSCAN)"	IPM	Theory Proposal
A Google Trends spatial clustering approach for a worldwide Twitter user geolocation	"we create a recent Twitter user dataset with ground truth city-level locations for 3,268 worldwide users, to compare the proposed approach with a WD method that uses GMM and labeled tweets"	IPM	Dataset Creation
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	Proposed two models Time Decay Features Cascade Model (TDF-C) and Time Decay Features Cascade Threshold Model (TDF-CT).	IPM	Model Construction
"Effective influence estimation in twitter using temporal, profile, structural and interaction characteristics"	TDF-C and TDF-CT improve the influence propagation upto 39% with respect to contemporary models.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"investigate the issue of predicting the success of video segments, which can assist viewers in finding appealing shots."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"time-sync comments information mining, is used to understand the audience better"	IPM	Theory Proposal
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"A distributed intelligent framework for real-time social big data analytics that ingests, stores, processes, indexes, and visualizes massive amounts of data."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	propose a sentiment analysis method based on using fastText with recurrent neural network variants to efficiently represent textual data.	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"For sentiment analysis, we devised a solution to boost the efficiency of well-known Recurrent neural network models such as LSTM, BiLSTM, and GRU."	IPM	Applications
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	Propose a subject model and keyword search-based approach for identifying users who are specifically interested in learning about public welfare activities.	IPM	Model Construction
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"By comparing the correlations between seed users and local users, a distance metric learning-based approach is used to achieve a specific number of local possible users."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A new graph-based paradigm called ""Multi-iterative Graph-based opinion Spam Detection"" (MGSD) is proposed, in which all different forms of entities are considered at the same time within a single system."	IPM	Model Construction
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"A new system called as SNSJam was proposed Using several data sources, including Twitter and Instagram, a system to identify and forecast road traffic jams has been developed."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	A Location recognizer that uses the text of posts and/or GPS coordinates to identify locations. It is first system that define and support user-defined locations.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	a fine-grained emotion prediction model for real-time multimodal data using a hybrid deep learning approach	IPM	Model Optimization
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	Sentiment for textual modality is calculated using a convolution neural network (ConvNet) enriched with SentiCircle's qualitative semantics.	IPM	Model Optimization
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"The proposed model's accuracy is approximately 91 percent, which is an increase over the accuracy obtained by the text and image modules separately."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Privacy-preserving multi-criteria collaborative filtering	"A novel entropy-based privacy-preserving MCCF architecture is proposed, which enables users and sub-criteria to manage privacy-specific parameters dynamically."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A multi-centrality index for graph-based keyword extraction	"A multi-centrality index (MCI) method, which seeks to find the best combination of word rankings based on a number of different centrality measures"	IPM	Model Construction
A multi-centrality index for graph-based keyword extraction	The proposed MCI approach significantly outperforms the individual centralities	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"By combining perceived problem(s) and search behavioral features, it is possible to infer users’ needed help(s) in search with a certain level of accuracy (78%)."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	We propose an attention-based Hierarchical LSTM network to identify successful persuasion from CMV conversations. We use this model to predict whether a particular chain of comments is going to persuade the OP or not. This model jointly learns the binary classification of persuasion guided by Δ-score and regression task of predicting the karma score for each comment.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	"We incorporate an attention mechanism in our model which weighs sentences in a comment accordingly; we use these weights to identify argumentative sentences. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first attempt to train a neural network for a supervised task (persuasion prediction) and force it to learn an unsupervised task (argumentative sentence identification)."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Changing views: Persuasion modeling and argument extraction from online discussions	"We propose a novel algorithm to detect argument components from argumentative sentences. This algorithm exploits some linguistic rules to identify a subset of argument components and finds the closure using similarity measurements. We employ Dynamic Time Warping distance (a measurement of geometric similarity between variable length time series data) to compute the similarity between text segments taken as time series. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first semi-supervised approach for argument mining from social media conversations"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"This paper incorporates with several different centrality measures of co-investment network of VCs, and then proposes a new approach based on the weighted k-means to rank VCs at both group and individual levels and identify the leading VCs"	IPM	Model Optimization
Using weighted k-means to identify Chinese leading venture capital firms incorporating with centrality measures	"Empirical analysis shows the efficiency and practicability of the proposed approach to identify leading Chinese VCs. It indicates that the proposed method is worth considering, especially as is helpful for social scientists to understand leading VCs based on the results of analyzing historical data of investment events."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
On the negative impact of social influence in recommender systems: A study of bribery in collaborative hybrid algorithms	we propose a novel hybrid Collaborative Filtering algorithm to counter bribing;	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We propose a community detection method that considers users’ topical interests and their temporal evolution in tandem by learning neural user representations, which embeds users in an embedding space where those users who have similar inclination towards similar topics in similar time intervals will be embedded close to each other."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	We employ neural graph embedding techniques to embed information from users’ social network structure into user representations.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
User community detection via embedding of social network structure and temporal content	"We demonstrate the performance of the various variations of our work in the context of news recommendation and user prediction, and compare them to the state of the art on a Twitter dataset."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	We define the novel attributed group (AG) query problem over attributed graphs and we propose new objective functions to rank the results.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We prove that optimizing these objectives is NP-hard. Thus, we propose approximation algorithms with a guaranteed ratio of two to find the answers efficiently."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"Since the total number of answers is exponential in the number of query keywords and the size of the group, we propose a procedure to find approximate top-k groups with polynomial delay."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Compact group discovery in attributed graphs and social networks	"We experimentally compare our methods against existing approaches on real-world large graphs, showing that our algorithms efficiently find compact groups with the desired size and keyword coverage."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Proposed a boosting scheme to combine seed oversampling iterations	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Boosted seed oversampling for local community ranking	Produced higher quality ranks compared to the neighborhood inflation heuristic.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We propose a random walks sampling method based on the corresponding Markov models.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	Experiments on real-life datasets show the benefit of probabilistic meta path RL	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Churn modeling with probabilistic meta paths-based representation learning	We obtain promising insights on meta path type and predictive outcome interplay.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	we constructed the largest network evolution corpora that is publicly available.	IPM	Resources
The rise and fall of network stars: Analyzing 2.5 million graphs to reveal how high-degree vertices emerge over time	"we developed a simple model, utilizing all the above observations, that uses real-world big data to confirm and explain our observations. Our Temporal Preferential Attachment (TPA) model improves upon previous models because it more correctly represents real-world data, especially for networks that are growing quickly, and can be used in a more flexible manner. Furthermore, our model gives insights on the changing popularity of network stars"	IPM	Model Construction
HClaimE: A tool for identifying health claims in health news headlines	A new method for extracting science claims in news headlines.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
HClaimE: A tool for identifying health claims in health news headlines	The new method is tailored to the language style of news headlines.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We introduce a new IC-based function to compute the semantic contribution weight of a category in WCG	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We present a new multiple inheritance-based SS approach called Neighborhood Ancestor Semantic Contribution (NASC)	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An approach for measuring semantic similarity between Wikipedia concepts using multiple inheritances	We evaluate our methods in gold standard word similarity benchmarks	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	A framework for studying foreign relations is proposed and tested with British parliamentary texts	IPM	Theory Proposal
Analyzing the topic distribution and evolution of foreign relations from parliamentary debates: A framework and case study	"The case study on UK-China relations contribute to deepen the understanding of international relations between the two countries, so as to provide valuable references and suggestions for the government and researchers."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Incremental focal loss GANs	"We propose a novel alternative loss function termed Incremental Focal Loss (IFL), which is demonstrated to apparently boost training of GANs."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Incremental focal loss GANs	We proposed an enhanced self-attention (ESA) mechanism to improve the representational capacity of deep features in the generator.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Incremental focal loss GANs	"Both IFL and ESA can be applied to various unsupervised or conditional GANs, and are promising to improve the quality of generated images."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	We propose a novel crowd-powered model to detect appropriateness of the videos on social media	IPM	Model Construction
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	Our experiments with 47 crowd contributors demonstrate the effectiveness of the proposed approach.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
ViSSa: Recognizing the appropriateness of videos on social media with on-demand crowdsourcing	The approach detects the unsafe videos with high accuracy (95%) and point out the portion of inappropriateness.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	"Using Prolog to process XQuery is faster than using native XML tools, for queries that search by key or position on small datasets."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	"For large datasets, or for queries that search for substrings, native XML approaches are the best option."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Querying XML documents using Prolog engines: When is this a good idea?	Results show that it is worth investing in an algorithm to automatically translate XQuery into Prolog queries.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	We developed a coherent IT-enabled crowdsourcing (CS) conceptual framework.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	"The framework defines CS as a legitimate, IT-enabled form of problem-solving."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Information Technology (IT) enabled crowdsourcing: A conceptual framework	The framework extends the IS field and helps us better understand this phenomenon.	IPM	Theory Proposal
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Proposing a fusion approach for retrieving candidates in cross-lingual plagiarism detection that combines a conceptual-based and keyword-based retrieval models.	IPM	Theory Proposal
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	"Comprehensive assessment of the performance of conceptual models, especially the ESA model in the retrieval of candidates for cross-language plagiarism."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Study the impact of using peak-and-plateau strategy as post processing on the output of the proposed retrieval model.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
An effective approach to candidate retrieval for cross-language plagiarism detection: A fusion of conceptual and keyword-based schemes	Comparing the performance of the proposed model with the state-of-the-art approaches in cross-lingual candidate retrieval.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Multi-modal product title compression	"We design a multi-modal product title compression framework named TOPIC to consider multiple modalities of inputs for better short product titles generation. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first work to incorporate visual and textual features to boost the performance of product title compression in e-commerce."	IPM	Model Construction
Multi-modal product title compression	"We present a cross- and intr-modal attention unit, which is able to encode the visual and textual information as context simultaneously. Meanwhile, considering that extractive-based methods may have the reorder problem, we further introduce the reinforcement learning to solve this problem"	IPM	Model Construction
Multi-modal product title compression	"We construct a multi-modal product title compression corpus from a real e-commerce platform. The experimental results on this dataset demonstrate that our proposed system outperforms the state-of-the-art methods. Meanwhile, we have released the dataset and implementation to facilitate the research community"	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	We introduce two new large well-annotated corpora of Arabic text collected from several news portals. All datasets are available for the research community on Arabic computational linguistics	IPM	Dataset Creation
Arabic text classification using deep learning models	"Finally, we conduct extensive experiments to show the effectiveness of the proposed datasets and deep learning models. The models achieve superior performance and the significant results affirm the suitability of such classifiers."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"We build a dataset, which includes video and time-sync comments, for segment popularity prediction."	IPM	Dataset Creation
Discovering attractive segments in the user-generated video streams	"We study the problem of video segment popularity prediction, which can help audiences to find attractive shots."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"We present an effective distributed intelligent system for real-time social big data analytics, which is dedicated to ingest, store, process, index, and visualize huge amount of information."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	The system takes advantage of distributed machine learning and deep learning techniques for enhancing decision-making processes in the context of big data.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	We propose an efficient strategy based on FastText word embedding and Recurrent neural network variants to learn textual data representations efficiently.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Towards a real-time processing framework based on improved distributed recurrent neural network variants with fastText for social big data analytics	"We devise a solution to improve the performance of well-known Recurrent neural network models called LSTM, BiLSTM and GRU for sentiment analysis."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	We introduce a novel adverse drug event extraction algorithm using deep learning.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	We introduce the use of novel contextual word and sentence embeddings.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	Results show that our model outperforms current pharmacovigilance models.	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Adverse drug event detection and extraction from open data: A deep learning approach	This model can be applied to a wide variety of information extraction tasks.	IPM	Applications
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	"Designing a taxonomy consisting of different sub-types of eyewitnesses i.e., direct eyewitness, indirect eyewitness, vulnerable direct eyewitness."	IPM	Theory Proposal
Automatic identification of eyewitness messages on twitter during disasters	"A generalized methodology, which can be applied on textual data from other domains to extract eyewitness reports, that uses textual content-based features and domain-expert features without relying on platform-specific features such as Twitter metadata."	IPM	Theory Proposal
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose CLAP, which can seek a certain number of local potential users for a PWAP, and push the corresponding information to them."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose a topic model and keyword search based method to discover users who are explicitly interested in PWAs, which can work without tags and complete microblog contents."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
A content-location-aware public welfare activity information push system based on microblog	"Propose a distance metric learning based method to obtain a certain number of local potential users, which can accurately measure the similarities between seed users and local users."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A novel heterogeneous graph (MGSD) model is proposed to illustrate the intra- and inter-relationships among entities (e.g., to capture both singleton and multiple spam entities)."	IPM	Model Construction
Opinion spam detection: Using multi-iterative graph-based model	"A multi-iterative algorithm is designed to update the spamicity of entities during a finite number of iterations based on the spamicity score of their adjacent neighbours. The relationships among neighbours’ nodes though cannot be captured if only the spamicity score of each entity, without considering its neighbours, is calculated."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"We propose SNSJam, which is a system to detect and predict road traffic jams by leveraging multiple data sources, specifically Twitter and Instagram."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"SNSJam supports multiple languages, specifically Arabic and English. It also supports Standard Arabic and UAE local Dialect."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	"We developed a location recognizer that identifies locations from the text of posts and/or GPS locations. Additionally, SNSJam supports user-defined locations, which are common names among people but different from the official names. SNSJam is the first such system to define and support user-defined locations."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
SNSJam: Road traffic analysis and prediction by fusing data from multiple social networks	We developed a context-aware classifier to detect traffic jams. The classifier is able to identify the cause of traffic jams. The detected traffic jams can be visualized through a dynamic map.	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"A Context-aware decision level fusion model for multimodal sentiment analysis in multimodal text, m, where m ε {text, image, info-graphic} is proposed."	IPM	Model Construction
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	The textual modality sentiment is determined using a convolution neural network (ConvNet) enriched with the contextual semantics of SentiCircle.	IPM	Model Construction
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	Support vector machine (SVM) classifier trained using bag-of-visual-words (BoVW) for predicting the visual content sentiment.	IPM	Model Construction
Hybrid context enriched deep learning model for fine-grained sentiment analysis in textual and visual semiotic modality social data	"A Boolean system with a logical OR operation is augmented to the architecture for multi-class sentiment classification into five fine-grain levels, namely, highly positive, positive, neutral, negative and highly negative."	IPM	Algorithm or Method or Technology Optimization
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	We combine visual attention and textual attention to forma dual attention mechanism to guide the image caption generation.	IPM	Model Construction
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	We adopt FCN to predict image tagsand fuse tag generation and image caption generation to train encode-decode model.	IPM	Model Construction
Image caption generation with dual attention mechanism	Our proposed model achieves state-of-the-artperformance in AIC-ICC image Chinese caption dataset.	IPM	Model Construction
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"The proposal of a novel neural pseudo relevance feedback (NPRF) framework that enables the integration of PRF for neural retrieval. To the best of our knowledge, this is the first neural retrieval model that integrates PRF information by end-to-end learning."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"Three instantiations of the NPRF framework are introduced based on state-of-the-art neural IR models, namely the unigram DRMM and KNRM models, and the n-gram PACRR model."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
An end-to-end pseudo relevance feedback framework for neural document retrieval	"Thorough experiments support the framework’s intuition and showcase its ability in enhancing the retrieval performance of neural retrieval. In addition, analysis indicates reduced training and validation losses by our NPRF framework, leading to significantly improved effectiveness of the learned ranking functions."	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	"Using complex system simulation model to dynamically deduce the dissemination effect of network public opinion by government, media and netizens in the event of emergencies"	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	Using social network analysis method to study the law and effect of network public opinion communication from the perspective of network space structure	IPM	New Algorithm or Method or Technology
Temporal and spatial evolution of online public sentiment on emergencies	Provide policy support for the government in dealing with unexpected crisis management.	IPM	Applications
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	We propose the problem of recreational queries in information retrieval and propose a solution that combines search query logs with LBSNs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	We describe a taxonomy for recreational queries derived from real world data by examining a real-world query log	IPM	Theory Proposal
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	"We introduce a relevance model that incorporates spatial, temporal information, and social data."	IPM	Model Construction
Answering recreational web searches with relevant things to do results	"To summarize, we present an end-to-end data driven system that uses LBSN data to solve a common web search scenario."	IPM	Applications
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	"Develops multimodal classification of memes using image, text, and face encoding."	IPM	Model Construction
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	Uses graph learning to create the evolutionary tree for memes.	IPM	Model Construction
The evolution of political memes: Detecting and characterizing internet memes with multi-modal deep learning	Applies this to a large online conversation around a political event (2018 US mid-term elections).	IPM	Performance Evaluation
"Implicit information need as explicit problems, help, and behavioral signals"	"By combining perceived problem(s) and search behavioral features, it is possible to infer users’ needed help(s) in search with a certain level of accuracy (78%)."	IPM	Performance Evaluation
Vertical and horizontal relationships amongst task-based information needs	We introduce a novel differentiation between horizontal and vertical relationships for information needs.	IPM	Theory Proposal
